 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Arts Today’s Paper Advertisement Continue reading the main story Supported by Continue reading the main story Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music Television Theater Pop Culture Watching Highlights Photo Walt Disney Studios Credit How That Surprise ‘Mulan’ Cameo Happened It didn’t seem possible that this star, with her TV duties, could appear in the live-action remake. But after one idea was scrapped, she found a way to make it work. By Kyle Buchanan Photo Stephen Tayo for The New York Times Credit Tiwa Savage, Queen of Afrobeats, Makes a New Start A Nigerian superstar is courting an audience in America and worldwide with her latest album, “Celia.” By Jon Pareles Photo Gordon Welters for The New York Times Credit A 639-Year Concert, With No Intermission for Coronavirus The long, slow performance of a piece by the American composer John Cage is scheduled to run until 2640. On Saturday, an audience in Germany heard a sound change — the first since 2013. By Catherine Hickley Photo Warner Bros. Pictures Credit In a Big Box-Office Test, ‘Tenet’ Grosses $20 Million Normally, a Christopher Nolan film would bring in $50 million in North America during an opening weekend. But moviegoing is not normal these days. By Brooks Barnes critic’s pick Photo Manuel Harlan Credit Review: In ‘Three Kings,’ Hot Priest Sheds His Cassock The “Fleabag” star Andrew Scott is the entire brilliant cast of a penetrating play about toxic fathers and sons. By Jesse Green Critic’s Notebook Photo Margeaux Walter for The New York Times; Photographs via Getty Images; ABC; Harpo Productions; NBC Credit The Shows Must Go On. But They Aren’t the Same Without You. The sudden absence of live audiences has upended the worlds of sports, comedy and politics. What do we lose when the crowd doesn’t show? By Amanda Hess Photo Maridelis Morales Rosado for The New York Times Credit This Labor Day, These Workers Are Trying to Stay Afloat The coronavirus pandemic has brought various hardships. An artist, bookseller, comedian and five others share their stories of how they are coping with all the uncertainty. Photo Melanie Metz for The New York Times Credit She Gave Up a Lot to Play Othello Thrilled for the role, needing a paycheck and confident that the theater was safe, Jessika D. Williams left the actors’ union to take the part. By Michael Paulson Photo Liane Hentscher/Hulu Credit Here Are 20 Shows to Watch This Fall Thanks to the coronavirus shutdown, the networks’ fall schedules are packed with reality competitions and recycled shows. But there are still as many intriguing offerings as ever this season. By Mike Hale Advertisement Continue reading the main story Latest Search Search Clear this text input Chess (Yes, Chess) Is Now a Streaming Obsession Viewers are flocking to games during the pandemic, entranced by a charismatic grandmaster and his lightning-fast play. By Kellen Browning ‘Inside the NRA’ Offers an Unconvincing Confession of Swamp Regret Joshua L. Powell, the former senior strategist for the organization, claims he’s sorry and offers details from inside an organization apparently in free fall. By Dwight Garner Constance Weldon, Pioneering Virtuoso of the Tuba, Dies at 88 When she joined the Boston Pops in 1955, she was believed to be the first woman to play tuba in a major American orchestra. By Julia Carmel Taylor Swift’s ‘Folklore’ Still No. 1, Six Weeks Later It’s the longest streak at the top of the Billboard chart for any album since Drake’s “Views” in 2016. By Ben Sisario The World Through a Lens A Nostalgic (if Isolating) Road Trip Along Route 66 Driven by an early fascination with the American West, a photographer set off to travel part of America’s most celebrated highway. By Luke Sharrett Nonfiction The Full Measure of America’s Farming and Food Crisis In “Perilous Bounty,” Tom Philpott looks at the toll that industrial farming practices have taken on the health of the land. By Corby Kummer Student Blockade Protests Viktor Orban’s Reach at a Top Arts University A demonstration at the University for Theater and Film Arts in Budapest has received support from theater groups, students and faculties in Hungary and around Europe. By Benjamin Novak Jenna Bush Hager, a Book Industry Insider With a New Title of Her Own The former first daughter, a force in publishing because of her Read With Jenna book club, is the author of a new essay collection, “Everything Beautiful in Its Time.” By Elisabeth Egan Flock to a Bird Fest or a Country Music Concert This week, meet the feathered residents of the Pacific Northwest, remember the victims of 9/11, rock out to Margo Price and uncover the secrets of asteroids over a meal. By Adriana Balsamo Hilary Moss and Dorothy Parker’s Ashes Are Returned to New York Completing a decades-long journey, the writer’s ashes were disinterred in Baltimore and taken by train to their (latest) final resting place: Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx. By Jenny Gross Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Follow Us @nytimesarts twitter page for @nytimesarts @nytimestheater twitter page for @nytimestheater @nytimesmusic twitter page for @nytimesmusic Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions