 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Books Today’s Paper Advertisement Continue reading the main story Supported by Continue reading the main story Arts Books Book Review Best Sellers By the Book Crime Children’s Books Book Review Podcast Now Read This Globetrotting Highlights Photo . Credit Books of The Times ‘Inside the NRA’ Offers an Unconvincing Confession of Swamp Regret Joshua L. Powell, the former senior strategist for the organization, claims he’s sorry and offers details from inside an organization apparently in free fall. By Dwight Garner Photo Nathan Congleton/NBC, via Getty Images Credit Jenna Bush Hager, a Book Industry Insider With a New Title of Her Own The former first daughter, a force in publishing because of her Read With Jenna book club, is the author of a new essay collection, “Everything Beautiful in Its Time.” By Elisabeth Egan Photo Jessica White/The New York Times Credit Trump Books Keep Coming, and Readers Can’t Stop Buying White House memoirs, journalistic exposés, full-throated defenses of the president: Publishers are producing books for every partisan and wondering if the gravy train ends on Election Day. By and Elizabeth A. Harris Alexandra Alter Photo Credit 15 Books to Watch For in September New fiction from Elena Ferrante, Yaa Gyasi and Marilynne Robinson, Mariah Carey’s tell-all, several deep dives into Cold War espionage and more. By Joumana Khatib Photo Thoka Mayer Credit Globetrotting Your sneak preview of books coming out in 2020 from around the world, updated each season. By , , and The New York Times Gray Beltran Rebecca Lieberman Tammy Tarng Fiction Photo Laura Anastasio Credit Recreational Adrenaline: Three Sizzling New Thrillers Late summer is supposed to be a slow time for publishers, but this year there’s plenty to get your heart racing. By Sarah Lyall Recommendations Photo Credit What to Read Right Now Book recommendations from editors at the New York Times Book Review. The Book Review Podcast Photo Credit Kurt Andersen on ‘Evil Geniuses’ Andersen talks about his new book, and Lesley M.M. Blume discusses “Fallout.” Best Sellers Photo Credit Best-Seller Lists: September 13, 2020 All the lists: print, e-books, fiction, nonfiction, children’s books and more. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Books of The Times More in Books of The Times » Photo Credit ‘Vanguard’ Spotlights the Black Women Who Fought for the Vote Martha S. Jones’s new book is interested in everything these women made possible — not just the trails they blazed, but the journeys they took and what came after. By Jennifer Szalai Photo . Credit Sigrid Nunez Follows ‘The Friend’ With a Sorrowful, Funny Novel About Death In “What Are You Going Through,” a terminally ill woman (with some resemblance to Susan Sontag) asks a friend to help her end her life. By Dwight Garner Photo . Credit A Python Ate the President’s Neighbor? Only in Carl Hiaasen’s Florida “Squeeze Me,” Hiaasen’s new novel, is an unabashedly political satire full of his signature high jinks. By Janet Maslin Photo Credit In the Second Volume of ‘Hitler,’ How a Dictator Invited His Own Downfall Volker Ullrich closes his absorbing biography of the German leader with the years 1939 to 1945. By Jennifer Szalai Photo . Credit Elena Ferrante’s New Novel Is a Suspenseful Story About the Sins of Parents In “The Lying Life of Adults,” a woman remembers rebelling against her family and befriending a long-estranged aunt. By Parul Sehgal Latest Search Search Clear this text input Nonfiction The Full Measure of America’s Farming and Food Crisis In “Perilous Bounty,” Tom Philpott looks at the toll that industrial farming practices have taken on the health of the land. By Corby Kummer Michael Cohen’s Book Says Trump Held ‘Low Opinions of All Black Folks’ The president’s former fixer describes him as a mob boss figure who made racist insults, was driven by hatred for President Barack Obama and engaged in underhanded tactics against opponents. By Maggie Haberman Ex-F.B.I. Agent in Russia Inquiry Says Trump Is a National Security Threat Peter Strzok, who was fired for sending anti-Trump texts, played a central role in both the Hillary Clinton email and Trump-Russia investigations. By Adam Goldman Famous in Italy, Rodari Reaches U.S. Shores With ‘Telephone Tales’ The children’s book writer never caught on in America, partly because of his Communist Party ties, but the English-language release of his masterpiece could change that. By Anna Momigliano Grisly Slabs of Gothic Horror These books — both fiction and nonfiction — celebrate the dark corners of our world. By Danielle Trussoni Children’s Books Two Suicidal Teens, Four Possible Paths Aaron and Tillie are strangers, until they meet on a bridge. Bill Konigsberg’s new novel explores where four different plotlines could take them. By Katy Hershberger Children’s Books A Son’s Future, a Father’s Final Down In Jacqueline Woodson’s “Before the Ever After,” a boy struggles to move forward as his pro football star father’s memory fades. By Randal C. Archibold Julia Reed, Chronicler of Politics, Food and the South, Dies at 59 In Ms. Reed’s writing for Newsweek, Vogue and other publications, her canvas included the follies of the powerful and the pleasures of Southern food. By Penelope Green Revisiting Carol Shields and the Everywoman In 1994, Jay Parini wrote for the Book Review about Carol Shields’s novel “The Stone Diaries,” the fictional autobiography of Daisy Goodwill Flett as she navigates marriage and motherhood. Fiction Life, and Other Interruptions: A Storyteller Explains ‘Why I Don’t Write’ Susan Minot’s new book is her second collection in 30 years. But that doesn’t mean she hasn’t been busy. By Justin Taylor Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Best Sellers Inside The New York Times Book Review Podcast By the Book Crime Children's Books Bookends Advertisement Continue reading the main story Dwight Garner Parul Sehgal Jennifer Szalai Follow Us @nytimesbooks twitter page for @nytimesbooks nytbooks facebook page for nytbooks @DwightGarner twitter page for @DwightGarner parul_sehgal twitter page for parul_sehgal jenszalai twitter page for jenszalai @xanalter twitter page for @xanalter @PamelaPaulNYT twitter page for @PamelaPaulNYT Subscribe to the Book Review Browse back issues of the Book Review from 1997 to today Books F.A.Q. Email the Book Review Sign Up for the Book Review Newsletter Every Friday, be the first to see reviews, news and features in The New York Times Book Review. SIGN UP Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions