 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Business Today’s Paper Advertisement Continue reading the main story Supported by Continue reading the main story Business Tech Econ Media Money DealBook Highlights Photo Marissa Leshnov for The New York Times Credit Working From Home Poses Hurdles for Employees of Color Without the networks and encounters that offices provide, companies must foster the visibility of Black and Hispanic workers, diversity experts say. By Nelson D. Schwartz Photo Tony Luong for The New York Times Credit With Some Schools Moving Outdoors, Retailers Follow Some outdoor-oriented companies are starting new product lines or repurposing existing ones to capitalize on how the pandemic has changed the normal educational experience. By Mike Seely Photo Aart-Jan Venema Credit Parents Got More Time Off. Then the Backlash Started. Pandemic policies at tech companies have created a rift between parents offered more benefits and resentful workers who don’t have children. By and Daisuke Wakabayashi Sheera Frenkel Photo Swikar Patel for The New York Times Credit ‘That Kept Us Going’: Small Businesses Stay Alive With Local Help Cities big and small know they can’t rely on federal stimulus to support their entrepreneurs, so they are finding innovative ways to keep them afloat. By Amy Haimerl Photo Delcan &amp; Company Credit Forget TikTok. China’s Powerhouse App Is WeChat, and Its Power Is Sweeping. A vital connection for the Chinese diaspora, the app has also become a global conduit of Chinese state propaganda, surveillance and intimidation. The United States has proposed banning it. By Paul Mozur Photo Will Matsuda for The New York Times Credit The Service Economy Meltdown As companies reconsider their long-term need to have employees on site, low-wage workers depending on office-based businesses stand to lose the most. By Eduardo Porter retiring Photo Julia Rendleman for The New York Times Credit With Adult Children Home, Now’s the Time: Talk About Your Money Riding out the pandemic with family presents the perfect chance to lay it all out: priorities, account balances, end-of-life directives. By John F. Wasik Photo Brittainy Newman for The New York Times Credit They’re Stuck at Home, So They’re Making Home a Sanctuary With few places to go or reasons to spend, those lucky enough to be employed remotely are upgrading their surroundings. The impulse comes with guilt. By and Maria Cramer Aimee Ortiz Photo Credit McGuire or Maguire? A Tussle Over Who Founded Labor Day Descendants of two men with similar last names claim their great-grandfather was the true father of the holiday. By Jenny Gross Subscribe to “With Interest.” It’s a Sunday newsletter with essential business insights that’ll prep you for the week ahead. SIGN UP Sign Up for the DealBook Newsletter Our columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin and his Times colleagues help you make sense of major business and policy headlines — and the power-brokers who shape them. SIGN UP Advertisement Continue reading the main story Good Reads From the Business Desk More in Good Reads From the Business Desk » Photo Bill Mayer Credit God Is Dead. So Is the Office. These People Want to Save Both Divinity consultants are designing sacred rituals for corporations and their spiritually depleted employees. By Nellie Bowles Photo Audra Melton for The New York Times Credit They’re Making the Rent. Is It Costing Their Future? Federal aid and eviction bans have kept many tenants in their homes. With that support ebbing, it can take charity and sacrifice to avoid dislocation. By and Conor Dougherty Gillian Friedman Photo Adam Dean for The New York Times Credit The Three Abductions of N.: How Corporate Kidnapping Works When estranged parents take children across borders, a shadowy industry of “recovery agents” can get them back — for a fee. By David Yaffe-Bellany Photo Brian L. Frank for The New York Times Credit 12 People in a 3-Bedroom House, Then the Virus Entered the Equation Overcrowding, not density, has defined many coronavirus hot spots. Service workers’ quarters skirting Silicon Valley are no exception. By Conor Dougherty Latest Search Search Clear this text input U.S. May Ban Cotton From Xinjiang Region of China Over Rights Concerns The potential move, which could come as soon as Tuesday, comes amid reports of the use of forced labor in Xinjiang, where China has carried out a crackdown against mostly Muslim minorities. By Ana Swanson As Brexit Deadlines Loom, the Posturing and Bickering Flare Again Prime Minister Boris Johnson is threatening to cut off negotiations by Oct. 15 if there is no progress. The European Union says the British are not negotiating. By Mark Landler Stephen Castle and With Washington Deadlocked on Aid, States Face Dire Fiscal Crises Local officials are slashing funding for everything from education and health care to orchestra subsidies. By Mary Williams Walsh Looking to Buy a Used Car in the Pandemic? So Is Everyone Else Eager to avoid public transit and Uber, and to save money, buyers are emptying dealerships. By Neal E. Boudette Amazon Bans Sale of Foreign Seeds in the U.S. The company’s decision comes after thousands of U.S. residents reported receiving unsolicited packets of seed from China, prompting all 50 states to issue safety warnings. By Allyson Waller DealBook Newsletter Silicon Valley’s Culture Clash What explains the end of America’s love affair with tech? Xi’s Post-Virus Economic Strategy for China Looks Inward The Chinese leader’s latest approach calls for a more robust domestic economy to insulate growth from tensions with the United States. By Chris Buckley the media equation Journalists Aren’t the Enemy of the People. But We’re Not Your Friends. President Trump will try to put the media on the ballot, and reporters face the increasing temptation to posture for those most eager to oust him. By Ben Smith In a Big Box-Office Test, ‘Tenet’ Grosses $20 Million Normally, a Christopher Nolan film would bring in $50 million in North America during an opening weekend. But moviegoing is not normal these days. By Brooks Barnes China Freezes Credentials for Journalists at U.S. Outlets, Hinting at Expulsions CNN, The Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg News and Getty Images are affected. Chinese officials told journalists, who can still work, that their fate depends on what the United States does to Chinese media employees. By Edward Wong 阅读简体中文版 閱讀繁體中文版 Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story Business Delivered to Your Inbox Sign up for one of our daily or weekly newsletters. DealBook The news driving the markets and the conversation. (Daily) On Tech With Shira Ovide Your guide to how technology is transforming our lives and the world. (Daily) With Interest Catch up and prep for the week ahead with this newsletter of the most important business insights, delivered Sundays. (Weekly) Your Money Tips on retirement, paying for college, credit cards and the right way to invest. (Weekly) Follow Us nytimesbusiness twitter page for nytimesbusiness dealbook twitter page for dealbook nytimestech twitter page for nytimestech nytmedia twitter page for nytmedia Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions