 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Canada Today’s Paper Canada | Canada Coronavirus Map and Case Count https://nyti.ms/2XVWxbf The Coronavirus Outbreak live Latest Updates Maps and Cases Vaccine Tracker Eviction Moratorium American Hunger Advertisement Continue reading the main story Canada Coronavirus Map and Case Count By The New York Times Updated September 7, 2020, 4:03 P.M. E.T. World COUNTRIES | U.S.A. STATES Testing Brazil Canada France Germany India Italy Mexico Spain U.K. Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington, D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming 0 1,000 2,000 cases Feb. March April May June July Aug. Sept. New cases 7-day average Total cases 131,895 Deaths 9,145 Includes confirmed and probable cases where available Map By province New cases Tips Latest news » There have been at least 131,800 confirmed cases of coronavirus in Canada, according to the . As of Monday afternoon, at least 9,145 people had died. Public Health Agency Reported cases in Canada Total cases Per capita Share of population with a reported case No cases reported Double-click to zoom into the map. Use two fingers to pan and zoom. Tap for details. Source: Public Health Agency of Canada. Circles are sized by the number of people there who have tested positive, which may differ from where they contracted the illness. About this data For total cases and deaths: The map shows the known locations of coronavirus cases by region. Circles are sized by the number of people there who have tested positive or have a probable case of the virus, which may differ from where they contracted the illness. Here’s how the number of cases and deaths are growing in Canada: Reported cases and deaths by province This table is sorted by places with the most cases per 100,000 residents in the last seven days. Select deaths or a different column header to sort by different data. Cases Deaths Total cases Per 100,000 Total deaths Per 100,000 Cases in last 7 days Per 100,000 Deaths in last 7 days Per 100,000 Alberta 14,474 356 242 6 998 25 5 <1 British Columbia 6,162 133 211 5 666 14 7 <1 Quebec 63,497 778 5,769 71 1,145 14 11 <1 Manitoba 1,323 103 16 1 137 11 2 <1 Ontario 43,161 321 2,813 21 966 7 4 <1 Saskatchewan 1,651 150 24 2 36 3 — — Prince Edward Island 47 33 — — 3 2 — — Nova Scotia 1,085 117 65 7 2 <1 — — Newfoundland and Labrador 270 52 3 <1 1 <1 — — New Brunswick 192 26 2 <1 1 <1 — — Show all Canada’s first known case of coronavirus appeared on Jan. 25. A man who had returned to Toronto from Wuhan, China tested positive for the virus. His wife tested positive a day later. Quebec soon became the province most severely affected, likely because its winter school break, which saw many families travel to the southern United States and other warm weather destinations, occurred two weeks before provincial lockdown measures began to sweep the country in mid-March. On March 21, Canada closed its border with the United States, with exceptions for freight movements and some essential workers. It was the first time the entire border had been shut since Canada became a nation in 1867. For the most part, the handling of the virus outbreak has not become a partisan or politicized issue and politicians have generally deferred to public health officials about how to handle it. While some provinces began easing some restrictions in early May, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has repeatedly said that a substantial relaxation remains at least weeks and possibly months away. How Cases Are Growing Here’s how the number of new cases and deaths are changing over time: New reported cases by day in Canada 0 1,000 2,000 cases Feb. March April May June July Aug. Sept. New cases 7-day average Note: The seven-day average is the average of a day and the previous six days of data. New reported deaths by day in Canada 0 100 200 deaths Feb. March April May June July Aug. Sept. New deaths 7-day average Note: Scale for deaths chart is adjusted from cases chart to display trend. The New York Times has found that official and have undercounted deaths during the coronavirus outbreak because of limited testing availability. tallies in the United States in more than a dozen other countries Where You Can Find More Information Read more about nurses who commute from Ontario and a Quebec retirement home where . Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who after his wife tested positive for the virus, was forced to backtrack on one of his . to work in Detroit hospitals 31 residents were found dead found himself in isolation at home more controversial measures for asylum seekers Here is where you can find more detailed information: The Public Health Agency of Canada pulls together data from provinces along with for Canadians. general guidelines and health advice The government of Canada also provides links to information on for workers and businesses affected by the pandemic and the shutdown. The government-run offers online support for people suffering from mental health and substance abuse issues. various federal economic support programs Wellness Together Canada Restrictions, health care and other economic support programs vary by province. Here are the key sources of information: , , , , , , , , , Indigenous Services Canada is providing . British Columbia Alberta Saskatchewan Manitoba Ontario Quebec (English) New Brunswick Nova Scotia Prince Edward Island Newfoundland and Labrador. special support for Indigneous communities About the data Governments often revise data or report a single-day large increase in cases or deaths from unspecified days without historical revisions, which can cause an irregular pattern in the daily reported figures. The Times is excluding these anomalies from seven-day averages when possible. Tracking the Coronavirus United States Latest Maps and Data Cases and deaths for every county Deaths Above Normal The true toll of coronavirus in the U.S. Cities and Metro Areas Where it is getting better and worse Testing Is your state doing enough? Nursing Homes The hardest-hit states and facilities Colleges and Universities Cases at more than 1,000 schools Reopening Which states are open and closed World Latest Maps and Data Cases and deaths for every country Deaths Above Normal The true toll of coronavirus around the world Health Vaccines Track their development Treatments Rated by effectiveness and safety Countries Brazil Canada France Germany India Italy Mexico Spain U.K. United States States, Territories and Cities Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York New York City North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington, D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming What you can do Experts’ . It seems that there are : how close you get to an infected person; how long you are near that person; whether that person expels viral droplets on or near you; and how much you touch your face afterwards. understanding of how the Covid-19 works is growing four factors that most likely play a role Here is a guide to the symptoms of Covid-19. You can help reduce your risk and do your part to protect others by following some : basic steps Keep your distance from others. Stay at least six feet away from people outside your household as much as possible. Wear a mask outside your home. A mask protects others from your germs, and it protects you from infection as well. The more people who wear masks, the more we all stay safer. Wash your hands often. Anytime you come in contact with a surface outside your home, scrub with soap for at least 20 seconds, rinse and then dry your hands with a clean towel. Avoid touching your face. The virus can spread when our hands come into contact with the virus, and we touch our nose, mouth or eyes. Try to keep your hands away from your face unless you have just recently washed them. Here’s a for the coronavirus outbreak. complete guide on how you can prepare Note: Data are based on reports at the time of publication. At times, officials revise reports or offer incomplete information. Population data are from Statistics Canada. By , , , Julia Calderone, , Matthew Conlen, Lindsey Cook, Gabriel Gianordoli, , , , , Danya Issawi, , , Alex Lemonides, , , , Kirk Semple, Julie Walton Shaver, , Charlie Smart, , , , and . · Reporting was contributed by Jordan Allen, Jeff Arnold, , , , Samone Blair, Nicholas Bogel-Burroughs, Aurelien Breeden, Elisha Brown, Emma Bubola, Maddie Burakoff, Alyssa Burr, Christopher Calabrese, Sarah Cahalan, Zak Cassel, Robert Chiarito, Izzy Colón, Matt Craig, Yves De Jesus, Brendon Derr, Brandon Dupré, Melissa Eddy, John Eligon, Timmy Facciola, Bianca Fortis, Matt Furber, Robert Gebeloff, , Grace Gorenflo, Rebecca Griesbach, Benjamin Guggenheim, Lauryn Higgins, Josh Holder, Jake Holland, Jon Huang, Anna Joyce, Ann Hinga Klein, Jacob LaGesse, Alex Lim, Patricia Mazzei, Jesse McKinley, Miles McKinley, K.B. Mensah, Sarah Mervosh, Jacob Meschke, Lauren Messman, Andrea Michelson, Jaylynn Moffat-Mowatt, Steven Moity, Paul Moon, Thomas Gibbons-Neff, Anahad O'Connor, Ashlyn O’Hara, Azi Paybarah, Elian Peltier, Sean Plambeck, Laney Pope, Elisabetta Povoledo, Cierra S. Queen, Savannah Redl, Scott Reinhard, Thomas Rivas, Frances Robles, Natasha Rodriguez, Jess Ruderman, Alison Saldanha, , Alex Schwartz, Emily Schwing, Libby Seline, Sarena Snider, Brandon Thorp, Alex Traub, Maura Turcotte, Tracey Tully, Lisa Waananen Jones, Amy Schoenfeld Walker, Jeremy White, Kristine White, Bonnie G. Wong, Tiffany Wong, and John Yoon. · Data acquisition and additional work contributed by Will Houp, Andrew Chavez, Michael Strickland, Tiff Fehr, Miles Watkins, , Albert Sun, Shelly Seroussi, Nina Pavlich, Carmen Cincotti, Ben Smithgall, Andrew Fischer, , , Alastair Coote, Steven Speicher, Hugh Mandeville, Robin Berjon, Thu Trinh, Carolyn Price, James G. Robinson, Phil Wells, Yanxing Yang, Michael Beswetherick, Michael Robles, Nikhil Baradwaj, Ariana Giorgi and Bella Virgilio. Sarah Almukhtar Aliza Aufrichtig Matthew Bloch Keith Collins Amy Harmon Rich Harris Adeel Hassan Jon Huang Danielle Ivory K.K. Rebecca Lai Allison McCann Richard A. Oppel Jr. Jugal K. Patel Anjali Singhvi Mitch Smith Derek Watkins Timothy Williams Jin Wu Karen Yourish Ian Austen Mike Baker Ellen Barry Matthew Goldstein Kai Schultz Sameer Yasir Josh Williams Rachel Shorey Blacki Migliozzi Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions