 HOME | | Help Account Contact Help Contact The New York Times Contact The New York Times Contact us Contact Our Newsroom Send a Confidential News Tip If you have a confidential news tip, you can reach us through . tools that will help protect your anonymity Report a Correction or Share Feedback To report errors regarding our coverage or leave a message at 844-NYTNEWS (844-698-6397). To send feedback or story ideas to the newsroom, . For customer service questions, please refer below to the Customer Care section. email us at nytnews@nytimes.com visit the Reader Center Submit to Our Editorial Pages Send a Letter to the Editor. Submit an Op-Ed. Submit an Opinion Video. Contact Customer Care Manage Your Subscription The best way to manage your New York Times subscription is online, by visiting nytimes.com/mya ccoun . t Manage Your Home Delivery Service On your account page, you can: Suspend delivery of your paper Report an issue with your delivery Modify or change your delivery address General Contact Channels Ask us a question via chat. If you are on a desktop computer, you may see this option at the top right of this page. If you are on a mobile device, scroll to the bottom of this page to locate the Chat button. Text Customer Care at 855-419-6348. Message and data rates may apply. Certain responses from Customer Care will be automated. Your number and information will be used to respond to your text message, process your request, and send you one customer satisfaction survey. To cancel text exchange, reply STOP. If you are in the United States, call us at 800-NYTIMES (800-698-4637). Our hours are 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. E.T. Monday - Friday, and 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. E.T. Saturday - Sunday. If you are outside of the United States, please see our . international contact information . Email Customer Care Manage Corporate Account or Higher Education If you are inquiring about a new corporate digital subscription, please visit us . If you have an existing corporate digital group subscription, you can reach our team at . here nytcorpteam@nytimes.com Representatives of colleges and universities should visit us , or email . here edu@nytimes.com Our mailing address is The New York Times Company, 620 Eighth Avenue, New York, NY 10018. Can't find what you're looking for? Review our Help topics or chat with one of our Customer Care advocates. Return to top © The New York Times Company Contact Us Work with us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Sitemap Help Subscriptions