 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index World Today’s Paper World | Covid-19 Live Updates: Parties and Pushback Threaten College Reopenings https://nyti.ms/35et1B9 The Coronavirus Outbreak Latest Updates Maps and Cases Vaccine Tracker Eviction Moratorium American Hunger Advertisement Continue reading the main story Supported by Continue reading the main story LIVE UPDATES Updated Sept. 7, 2020, 8:57 p.m. ET Sept. 7, 2020, 8:57 p.m. ET Covid-19 Live Updates: Parties and Pushback Threaten College Reopenings Used cars have become a hot commodity. Across the United States, states and cities are planning fiscal maneuvers in case Congress can’t agree on a fiscal relief package after the August recess. Right Now Denmark is lowering the limit on the size of public gatherings from 100 to 50 in Copenhagen and other cities after a rise in cases. Here’s what you need to know: For reopened colleges, parties and pushback are upending plans. Looking to buy a used car? So is everyone else. Skyrocketing cases push India to No. 2 on the pandemic list. On a holiday weekend in the U.S., the virus continues its grinding hold on Americans’ lives. Long-haul patients are facing struggles with their mental health. With no federal relief in sight, cities and states in the U.S. are enacting major budget cuts. As it battles a second wave, Spain reports more than half a million cases. Image An empty Covid-19 testing site next to W.V.U.’s Coliseum in July. The university said it was moving all undergraduate courses online through Sept. 25 following reports of parties held over the Labor Day weekend. Credit... Kristian Thacker for The New York Times For reopened colleges, parties and pushback are upending plans. As more U.S. universities and colleges try to reopen with in-person instruction, , student parties and pushback from instructors and students are threatening their plans. outbreaks More than 51,000 cases have been reported at more than 1,000 campuses. Some students have faced serious consequences for breaking the rules. Northeastern University in Massachusetts dismissed 11 students last week for violating safety precautions. New York University, Ohio State, Purdue and West Virginia University have all suspended students over violations of rules intended to curb the virus’s spread on campus. On Monday, W.V.U. said that it was moving all undergraduate courses online through Sept. 25 at its Morgantown campus, following reports of parties held over the Labor Day weekend that surfaced on social media. Coronavirus testing at the university has found , including 112 new positive results between Aug. 30 and Sept. 3. Against that backdrop, the reports of parties prompted officials to take action. In a statement, the school’s dean of students, Corey Farris, to stay there and not return to campus yet. a growing number of cases asked students who traveled home for the weekend Two of the parties that raised concern were held Friday and Saturday nights by the school’s Theta Chi fraternity chapter, in apparent violation of orders from the university that members living in the fraternity house isolate or quarantine themselves after one member tested positive. The university announced on Saturday that 29 members of the fraternity . had been issued immediate interim suspensions Another Theta Chi chapter, at the University of New Hampshire, was placed under interim suspension over the weekend after 11 coronavirus cases were linked to an Aug. 29 party attended by more than 100 people, according to a , who called the party “reprehensible.” letter from the university’s president, James Dean At the University of Michigan, a labor union representing graduate-student instructors and assistants said it would go on strike Tuesday over virus safety and other concerns. The union, GEO, submitted a letter signed by 1,800 people to university administrators calling for a “safe and just pandemic response for all,” including the right to work remotely. The letter also demands that the university sever its ties with the Ann Arbor Police Department and ICE, arguing that the university’s decision “to expand the policing of our community in a perverse effort to enforce social distancing” would be harmful to mental health on campus. Rick Fitzgerald, the university’s assistant vice president for public affairs, said that most of the union’s demands were “not appropriate” now, and that a strike would violate state law as well as the union contract.The university intended to hold classes in any event, he said. A student group at the University of Kansas, where there are nearly 500 cases, is planning a “strike” to push the university to move to remote learning, ; this follows a similar “sickout” last week at the University of Iowa. The Kansas City Star reported Looking to buy a used car? So is everyone else. Image The demand for used cars could remain brisk if the pandemic worsens in the fall and the economy weakens further, even if the supply of new cars improves. Credit... David Degner for The New York Times Used cars are usually overlooked in the fanfare accorded to and . Now they are suddenly . cutting-edge electric cars gussied-up pickup trucks the industry’s hottest commodity Consumers are snapping up used vehicles as second or third cars so they can or Ubers during the coronavirus pandemic. Others are buying used rather than new to save money in an uncertain economy, not knowing when they or their spouse might lose a job. Demand for older cars has also been fed by a roughly two-month this spring. avoid trains, buses halt in production of new cars Across the United States, the prices of used cars have shot up. The increase defies the conventional wisdom that cars are depreciating assets that lose a big chunk of their value the moment they leave the dealership. In July alone, the average value of used cars jumped more than 16 percent, according to Edmunds.com. In June, the most recent month for which data is available, franchised car dealers sold 1.2 million used cars and trucks, according to Edmunds, up 22 percent from a year earlier. It was the highest monthly total since at least 2007. The boom has turned the business of selling cars upside down. Because used cars don’t come from factories in Detroit, dealers are having to work as hard to buy cars as they typically do to sell them, they say, including running ads and cold calling people to ask if they would be interested in selling their old car. That’s how strong demand for used cars has become in the pandemic. “Used cars are supposed to depreciate, but I’d look up the book value of a car on the lot and see it was higher than at the beginning of the month,” said Adam Silverleib, president of Silko Honda in Raynham, Mass. “I’ve never seen that before.” Mr. Silverleib recently sold a 2017 Honda Pilot with 22,000 miles to Suzanne Cray and her husband. The family had gotten by with just one car. But Ms. Cray, a nurse who works at Tufts Medical Center in Boston, said the family had decided it needed another to ensure that no one had to or on public transportation. ride with Uber The boom is of a piece with other unexpected trends in a recession that has left millions of people unemployed and has devastated airlines, restaurants, hotels and small businesses. Despite that pain, the pandemic has been a boon to old standbys of the economy, like and , that had fallen out of favor in recent years. canned and processed foods suburban home sales The growing desire to own a car has caught many people by surprise and unnerved others who are worried about what it might say about the future of cities and transportation. Mayor Bill de Blasio, who gets around in an S.U.V., recently implored New Yorkers, many of whom don’t own vehicles, not to buy a car, saying they represent “the past.” Tracking the Coronavirus › United States › On Sept. 6 14-day change Trend New cases 31,061 -4% New deaths 406 -14% Where cases are per capita highest N.D. S.D. Iowa Tenn. Mo. Ark. Ala. Kan. Miss. Okla. Ky. Ga. U.S. hot spots › Worldwide › Skyrocketing cases push India to No. 2 on the pandemic list. Image Commuters ride the subway in New Delhi on Monday, the day it opened after being shut for more than five months. Credit... Prakash Singh/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images India, home to the world’s fastest-growing outbreak, has surpassed Brazil to become the country with the second-highest number of cases. On Monday, India reported 90,802 new cases, breaking its own record from the day before and taking its total to more than 4.2 million, according to a . Brazil is now third with more than 4.1 million cases. New York Times database In early July, India surpassed Russia to become the country with the third-highest number of cases. By then, the United States was entrenched at No. 1, where it remains, with more than 6.2 million cases. “Crowded cities, lockdown fatigue and a lack of contact tracing have spread Covid-19 to every corner of this country of 1.3 billion people,” The Times’s Jeffrey Gettleman and Sameer Yasir in late August. reported India has recorded 71,642 deaths from the virus, the world’s third-highest toll after the United States and Brazil, though as a youthful nation India has a relatively low death rate per capita. India’s surge in cases comes as the government continues to ease lockdown measures in an effort to help the economy. On Monday, the subway system in New Delhi, the capital, began a after being shut for more than five months. phased reopening The pandemic has been economically devastating for India, which not so long ago . Last week, the government in the second quarter, the worst among the world’s top economies. dreamed of becoming a global powerhouse reported a 24 percent contraction On a holiday weekend in the U.S., the virus continues its grinding hold on Americans’ lives. Image The Crown Heights neighborhood in Brooklyn on Monday. At the beginning of Labor Day weekend on Friday, the seven-day average number of new cases was 41,233, and the average number of new deaths reported was 851. Credit... Laylah Amatullah Barrayn for The New York Times Before Memorial Day weekend in May, the United States recorded a seven-day average number of new cases of 22,580, , and the average for new deaths announced was 1,216. according to a New York Times database At the beginning of Labor Day weekend on Friday, the seven-day average number of new cases was 41,233, and the average number of new deaths reported was 851. Within those numbers are more complicated stories: In May, the country was beginning to emerge from lockdown. The number of overall deaths in the U.S. . And doctors were trying to find answers to a mysterious virus-related ailment affecting children. The death toll in New York, once the center of the virus outbreak, had dropped below 100 for the first time since March. was nearing 100,000 Renu Kuinkel, 32, of Queens, said she and her husband tested positive in the spring and have been largely staying home ever since. “It’s been really bad,” she said. This weekend, though, they to Maryland. “Now we are feeling fine with the kids,” Ms. Kuinkel said. “It’s been hard, but a little bit fun, too.” took a road trip Most parents and children are now in the early stages of another round of online learning. Many colleges and universities have welcomed students back. The country is mostly open. And New York, once the hottest of hot spots, announced that the positivity rate for the state had remained under 1 percent for the past month. Still, cases are rising in the Midwest and the western New York state region. A big , Williamsville, announced a delay for the start of online-only instruction for students in grades 5-12 after higher than expected demand, while nearly 100 staff members took a leave of absence and 100 more resigned. On Monday, the to place the superintendent on administrative leave. school district outside Buffalo school board voted Dr. Scott Gottlieb, the former commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, said on Sunday that exhaustion with social distancing and other measures meant to slow the spread of the pandemic is a potentially serious problem as the seasons change. “In the wintertime, you see respiratory pathogens spread more aggressively, in part because people are indoors more,” he in an appearance on “Face the Nation” on CBS. “They’re in congregate settings where respiratory pathogens can spread more efficiently.” added Long-haul patients are facing struggles with their mental health. Image Angela Aston, a nurse practitioner in San Marcos, Texas, was sick for months with Covid-19. Her colleagues gradually came to not believe her: “‘You’re fine,’ they would say, and I would have to tell them, ‘No, I can’t breathe.’” Credit... Sergio Flores for The New York Times Early on in the pandemic, a pervasive myth among patients and some health authorities was the idea that Covid-19 was a short-term illness. Only fairly recently has more attention been given to Covid-19 “long-haulers,” whose sicknesses have persisted for months. In online support groups like and , long-haulers have produced and to study their course of illness, and many have opened up about how their mental health has suffered because of the disease. Dozens wrote that their months of illness have contributed to anxiety and depression, exacerbated by the difficulties of getting access to medical services and experiencing disruptions to their work, social and exercise routines. Body Politic Survivor Corps informal surveys reports “I felt this stigma like, ‘I’ve got this thing nobody wants to be around,’” said Angela Aston, 50, a nurse practitioner who was sick for weeks. “It makes you depressed, anxious that it’s never going to go away. People would say to my husband, ‘She’s not better yet?’ They start to think you’re making it up.” Natalie Lambert, a health researcher at Indiana University School of Medicine, recently more than 1,500 long-haul patients through the Survivor Corps Facebook page and found a number of common psychological symptoms. She found that anxiety was the eighth most common long-haul symptom, cited by more than 700 respondents. Difficulty concentrating was also high on the list, and more than 400 reported feeling “sadness.” surveyed Dr. Teodor Postolache, a psychiatrist at the University of Maryland School of Medicine, estimates that between one-third and one-half of Covid-19 patients experienced some form of mental health problems including anxiety, depression, fatigue or abnormal sleeping. “I’ve had three OK days, but I’m hesitant to share that, because it could go away,” Ms. Smith said. “Long-haulers will tell you that. We preface every conversation when we feel good with, ‘I’ll regret saying this tomorrow.’” With no federal relief in sight, cities and states in the U.S. are enacting major budget cuts. Image New York City gutted a nascent composting program that could have kept tons of food waste out of landfills. Credit... Christopher Lee for The New York Times Alaska chopped resources for public broadcasting. gutted a nascent that could have kept tons of food waste out of landfills. New Jersey postponed property-tax relief payments. New York City composting program Prisoners in will continue to swelter in their cells, because plans to air-condition its prisons are on hold. Many states have already cut planned raises for teachers. Florida And that’s just the start. Across the United States, states and cities have made an to stay solvent and are planning more in case Congress can’t agree on a fiscal relief package after the August recess. array of fiscal maneuvers House Democrats included nearly $1 billion in state and local aid in the they passed in May, but the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, has said he doesn’t want to hand out a “blank check” to pay for what he considers fiscal mismanagement, including the enormous public-pension obligations some states have accrued. There has been little movement in that stalemate lately. relief bill Economists warn that further state spending reductions could prolong the downturn by shaking the confidence of residents, whose day-to-day lives depend heavily on state and local services like education, public safety, health care and unemployment insurance. “People look to government as their backstop when things are completely falling apart,” said Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moody’s Analytics. “If they feel like there’s no support there, they lose faith and they run for the bunker and pull back on everything.” State officials say they have little choice but to keep cutting if more aid doesn’t arrive. Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo has warned that without further relief New York will cut $8.2 billion in grants to local governments, a blow he said had “no precedent in modern times.” The cuts would hit “nearly every activity funded by state government,” including special education, pediatric health care, substance abuse programs, property-tax relief and mass transit, he said. The state faces a $14.5 billion budget gap this fiscal year, according to budget officials. As an alternative to more cuts, . progressive Democrats have proposed taxing the rich Mr. Cuomo, however, says the potential benefit of new revenue from doing so would be far outstripped by the negative impact on the state’s highest earners, who already shoulder the bulk of the state’s taxes. “I don’t care what you increase taxes to, you couldn’t make up that deficit,” Mr. Cuomo said last week upon releasing a letter asking congressional leaders for a whopping $59 billion to cover two years of projected state deficits and more. global roundup As it battles a second wave, Spain reports more than half a million cases. Image A patient who spent 55 days in intensive care is moved by medical staff to a regular room in Barcelona on Monday. Credit... Emilio Morenatti/Associated Press Spain surpassed more than 525,000 total cases on Monday, according to a , making it the only country in western Europe to exceed the half-million mark. New York Times database The country is experiencing after a relative lull during the summer, and the virus is spreading much faster there than anywhere else on the continent. a second wave of cases Spain was already . But after one of the world’s most stringent lockdowns, which checked the virus’s spread, the country enjoyed one of the most rapid reopenings. one of the hardest-hit countries in Europe The return of nightlife and group activities — which came far faster than for most of its European neighbors — has contributed to the epidemic’s resurgence in Spain. Government officials have announced that schools will reopen this month, with masks obligatory for students 6 and older. Many doctors and politicians are not as terrified by Spain’s second wave as they were by its first. The mortality rate is roughly half of what it was at the height of its crisis — falling to 6.6 percent from the 12 percent peak in May — and the median age of people who tested positive has dropped to around 37 from 60. Still, experts fear that the growing number of cases could signal a new surge across the continent. In other developments around the world: announced on Monday that the limit on the size of public gatherings would be lowered from 100 to 50 in Copenhagen and other cities in response to a rise in cases. The measures were announced by the country’s health minister and will be implemented on Sept. 9 for 17 municipalities, including Odense, Denmark’s third largest city. In addition to the new limits on the size of assemblies, bars and restaurants will have to close by midnight, Magnus Heunicke, the minister of health and elderly affairs, said during a news conference. Denmark on Monday announced deals to buy almost 85 million doses of two promising coronavirus vaccines if their trials prove successful. The vaccines, both of which are likely to require two doses per person, would be provided free to Australia’s 25 million people at a cost of $1.2 billion. One of the vaccines, produced by the University of Oxford and the British-Swedish drug maker AstraZeneca, is in the final stage of testing and could be available starting in January. The other one, produced by the University of Queensland and the Australian biotechnology company CSL, would follow in mid-2021. Australia has said it is aiming for a 95 percent vaccination rate but will not make them compulsory. Australia After discovering only one in every 500 passengers who arrived in the country became infectious during a mandatory 10-day isolation period, has dropped the requirement to quarantine. A day after the Persian Gulf state reopened its borders to tourists and nonresidents, Bahrain announced on Monday that travelers would be tested for the virus at its international airport, and as long as they receive a negative test result, they will be allowed to enter the country without quarantining. The country has had 55,415 coronavirus cases, according to . Bahrain a New York Times database health officials on Sunday announced a sharp rise in new cases, mostly among young people, prompting warnings that they may need to reconsider the aggressive reopening of the country. The British Public Health agency reported that — the highest number since late May, during the British outbreak’s peak.In addition, British officials said that beginning on Wednesday, travelers from seven Greek islands — Crete, Lesvos, Mykonos, Santorini, Serifos, Tinos and Zakynthos — will have to isolate themselves for 14 days upon arrival in England. Travelers from other parts of Greece can still enter England quarantine-free, although Scotland last week add travel restrictions on people arriving from Greece. British 2,998 new cases had been confirmed Pakistan will open up high schools and universities in mid-September. Image Students take classes at an open-air free school in Islamabad on June 3. Credit... Sohail Shahzad/EPA, via Shutterstock Pakistani officials said on Monday that they plan to open high schools and universities across the country as of Sept. 15, encouraged by the decline in cases over the past couple of months. The seven-day average of new cases was , according to a New York Times database (the average was not as of Monday). Overall, Pakistan has had more than . 467 as of Sunday 298,000 cases “We have decided to open education institutions in a phased manner,” Shafat Mehmood, the country’s education minister, said during a press briefing in Islamabad, the capital. Officials said they will monitor the situation for a week and, if things remains under control, classes for younger children will begin on Sept. 23. “It is a very big decision,” Mr. Mehmood said. “I want to thank the parents and students who were very patient over the last six months. These were difficult times.” Pakistan has seven million students in high schools and universities, and 6.4 million students in sixth through eighth grades, Mr. Mehmood said. The numbers of cases and deaths in the country have fallen steeply in recent months. Cases rose sharply in the middle of June, leading to fears that the country’s weak health care system would be unable to cope with the pandemic. But officials said a coordinated national effort to impose selective lockdowns and safety measures . led to decline in the curve Health experts said that several other factors also helped stop the spread of the disease. They have credited the country’s large youth population and the existence of vaccination programs for diseases like tuberculosis and leprosy. Still, there is no definitive answer as to why Pakistan has been spared the kind of confirmed spread that has afflicted other countries, like neighboring India. Dr. Faisal Sultan, the special assistant to the prime minister of health, said school authorities will work to ensure that social distancing is maintained during classes. “The most important role will be that of a mask,” Dr. Sultan said. He added that students who are sick or have a cough or fever should stay home. “We cannot lower our guard,” he said. The French Open will allow a limited number of spectators. Image The Suzanne Lenglen court stands at the Roland Garros stadium in Paris, ahead of the 2018 French Open tennis tournament. Credit... Thomas Samson/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Despite a resurgence of the virus in France, officials from the French Tennis Federation announced on Monday that they will allow spectators at the French Open, which will take place from Sept. 27 to Oct. 11. The plans have been scaled back, however, to 11,500 people a day. Roland Garros stadium, where the tournament is held, stretches across almost 30 acres and will be split into three separate zones. The two larger ones will allow 5,000 people each; the third will allow 1,500. Normally, the stadium holds about 35,000 people. “The French Tennis Federation, with advice from a committee of expert scientists, is acting responsible and in close collaboration with the French government authorities to draw up a strict protocol that will ensure the health and safety of everyone who is on site at Roland Garros stadium during the tournament,” the officials said. The U.S. Open is currently underway at the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center in Queens, but without any fans in the stadium. The French Open, usually played in late May, was pushed to September because of the pandemic. , Bernard Giudicelli, the president of the French Tennis Federation, said the tournament may be able to accommodate 20,000 fans per day. At that time, the seven-day average for the daily number of new cases was about 700, . In the two months since, the seven-day average has risen to more than 5,000, rivaling the first peak of cases in April. On Friday alone, there were nearly 9,000 new cases. In early July according to a New York Times database Spectators will not be able to move between zones of the stadium and everyone over the age of 11 will have to wear face coverings. In a year of voting by mail, poll officials scramble to shore up in-person voting, too. Image People register to volunteer at a polling station this November during National Poll Worker Recruitment Day in Philadelphia this month. Credit... Mark Makela for The New York Times Unnerved by the difficulties of voting amid a pandemic and faced with both the political static injected by President Trump and the limits on expanding voting by mail, state and local authorities across the country where tens of millions of people are still expected to cast their ballots. are racing to rethink and reinforce the polling sites For all of the attention on voting by mail, perhaps four in 10 votes — 60 million ballots — are likely to be cast in person this fall, either early or on Election Day. Overall turnout could well reach 150 million for the first time, up from 137.5 million in 2016, according to Barry C. Burden, the director of the at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. Elections Research Center Against the backdrop of Mr. Trump’s relentless criticism of voting by mail, the breakdowns at the Postal Service and the relatively high rate of rejections of mailed-in ballots, election officials and activists in both parties are amping up efforts to hire and train poll workers; integrate stadiums, arenas and malls into their voting options; and come up with contingency plans if there’s a surge in coronavirus cases in the fall. A major area of concern is finding younger people who are able to replace older ones most susceptible to the ravages of Covid-19 at a time when 58 percent of the nation’s poll workers are 61 or older. “Everyone’s focusing on the rate of voting by mail, which is going to easily double what it was in 2016 — somewhere north of 80 million ballots,” said , an expert on in-person voting at Reed College in Portland, Ore. “But people aren’t paying attention to what might happen if there’s a spike in the pandemic or a shortage of poll workers and there’s a last-minute reduction in in-person voting.” Paul Gronke Citing the virus, Myanmar’s leader cancels her first campaign appearance. Image Myanmar’s civilian leader, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi is pictured on a car sticker. She announced on Monday that she was canceling her first planned campaign appearance because two members of her household staff had tested positive for coronavirus. Credit... Nyein Chan Naing/EPA, via Shutterstock Myanmar’s civilian leader, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi, announced on Monday that she was canceling her first planned campaign appearance because of the spread of the virus, as officials said two members of her household staff had tested positive. Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi, a member of parliament who serves as state counselor and foreign minister, is running for re-election in her district in Yangon, Myanmar’s largest city, in national elections scheduled for Nov. 8. The isolated country, wedged between China, Bangladesh and Thailand, had largely been spared from the virus until last month, when it began spreading in Rakhine State in western Myanmar. As of Aug. 20, the country had fewer than 400 cases. But by Monday, the government reported more than 1,400 cases and eight deaths. Some provinces have imposed travel restrictions on other regions, including requiring visitors to undergo 21 days of quarantine upon arrival. Officials said Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi had not had personal contact recently with the two staff members who tested positive at her lakeside house in Yangon, where she spent 15 years under house arrest during military rule. In canceling her campaign kickoff appearance scheduled for Tuesday, she said the minister of health, U Myint Htwe, had advised her against traveling to her district from the capital, Naypyidaw, where she now spends most of her time. “At the moment the ministry of health is the most powerful,” she said in a video appearance on Facebook. “We need to follow the instructions of the ministry of health. The recipient of the 1991 Nobel Peace Prize, Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi has received widespread international condemnation for her refusal to defend the Rohingya Muslims, the target of a genocidal campaign by the Myanmar military with whom she now shares power. About 1 million Rohingya have fled violence and persecution in Myanmar to Bangladesh where they live in crowded refugee camps. Aid officials there worry that they are highly vulnerable to the coronavirus. Myanmar’s election Nov. 8 will serve as a referendum on Ms. Aung San Suu Kyi’s party, the National League for Democracy, which won by a landslide five years ago but has struggled to improve the country’s standard of living. Reporting was contributed by Livia Albeck-Ripka, Neal E. Boudette,Keith Bradsher, Chris Buckley, Alan Burdick, Kenneth Chang, Nick Corasaniti, Thomas Erdbrink, Luis Ferré-Sadurní, Jacey Fortin, Natasha Frost, Emma Goldberg, Ethan Hauser, Cindy Lamothe, Salmon Masood, Jesse McKinley, Christina Morales, Saw Nang, Richard C. Paddock, Bryan Pietsch, Anna Schaverien, Mike Seely, Neil Vigdor, Mariel Wamsley, Mary Williams Walsh and Michael Wines. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions