 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Food Today’s Paper Supported by Continue reading the main story Food Wine, Beer & Cocktails Restaurant Reviews Highlights Photo Zerb Mellish for The New York Times Credit In Louisiana, Love for a Chinese Restaurant and Its Magnetic Owner For years, Lucky Palace has drawn fans for its intriguing wine list. Now, they come to help their dear friend Kuan Lim in his time of need. By Brett Anderson Photo David Malosh for The New York Times. Food Stylist: Simon Andrews. Credit The Elements of Wok Hei, and How to Capture Them at Home The elusive smoky flavors and aromas of stir-fry can be achieved in your home kitchen. J. Kenji López-Alt shows you how. By J. Kenji López-Alt Photo Julia Gartland for The New York Times (Photography and Styling) Credit A Good Appetite Roast Chicken and Plums Make the Sweetest Sheet-Pan Meal Easy, festive, and bursting with spiced, seasonal fruit, this late summer dinner should be made before plum season ends. By Melissa Clark Photo Pepe Serra Credit Wine School Finding the Heart of Zinfandel Debating authenticity in wine is often pointless, especially with New World wines. That leaves more options for producers, who are free to surprise. By Eric Asimov Photo Jenn Ackerman for The New York Times Credit The State Fair Is Canceled. Deep-Fried Oreos Are Not. Food vendors and their devoted fans are going to great lengths, from drive-throughs to phone apps, to keep the corn dogs and chickens-on-a-stick flowing. By Marissa Conrad From The Pantry Photo Melissa Clark/The New York Times Credit You’re Going to Love This BLT Tart This recipe showcases the best parts of the classic sandwich in a vibrant end-of-summer tart. By Melissa Clark Wine School Photo Tony Cenicola/The New York Times Credit A Study in the Subtleties of Northern Rhône Terroirs What does a comparison of three bottles from different appellations reveal? Conclusive proof of the power of place is hard to determine. By Eric Asimov Photo Andrea Morales for The New York Times Credit Its Leader Under Fire, a Southern Food Group Vows to Examine Racism The University of Mississippi will commission an outside audit of the Southern Foodways Alliance, looking into its record on diversity, after calls for the group’s white director to resign. By Kim Severson Photo David Malosh for The New York Times. Food Stylist: Simon Andrews. Credit Savor Summer Longer With This Cherry Tomato Pasta This simple recipe provides a burst of sunshine any time of year. By Alexa Weibel critic’s notebook Photo Rozette Rago for The New York Times Credit A Local Alternative to the Big Delivery Apps, in Los Angeles Modeled after food delivery services in Seoul, a tiny Koreatown business keeps neighborhood restaurants running through the pandemic. By Tejal Rao Photo AP Photo/Rogelio V. Solis Credit 5 Standout Recipes From Julia Reed, an Irreverent Voice of the South The journalist, who died last week at 59, mixed sophistication and down-home pleasures in her cooking. By Kim Severson Photo Andrew Purcell for The New York Times. Food Stylist: Carrie Purcell. Credit 3 Highly Portable Picnic Options That Aren’t Sandwiches Try Italian calzones, Turkish pide or Eastern European piroshki. By Jessica Battilana off the menu Photo James Estrin/The New York Times Credit Taco Mix FonteNova, With Cemitas, Tacos and More, Opens in the Bronx A new spot from the team behind Osamil, a new cocktail cafe, and more restaurant news. By Florence Fabricant Front Burner Photo KitchenAid Credit A Documentary on Women in the Restaurant Business The 29-minute film follows three professionals as they manage working in male-dominated spaces. By Florence Fabricant Advertisement Continue reading the main story Latest Search Search Clear this text input What to Do With All That Zucchini Make Gabrielle Hamilton’s dish that she learned from her late ex-mother-in-law, in Puglia, Italy. Front Burner Paella to Go From Mercado Little Spain José Andrés’s market in Hudson Yards now sells paella, pan included, for pickup or delivery, and paella kits for those farther afield. By Florence Fabricant Front Burner Policy on the Menu at the Museum of Food and Drink A series of Zoom talks look at the ethics of chocolate and how the North American Free Trade Agreement affected Mexican food north and south of the border. By Florence Fabricant Front Burner When a Jigger Just Won’t Do A new set of measures from Cocktail Kingdom is designed with the bartender in mind. By Florence Fabricant Front Burner A Nip for That New Year’s Toast A distiller from Tel Aviv has made a single-malt kosher whiskey, aged in sherry casks. By Florence Fabricant Front Burner A Beautiful Centerpiece for Rosh Hashana Breads Bakery’s latest confection, the Crown Medjool, adds sophistication to the holiday table. By Florence Fabricant Front Burner A Detailed Accounting of Recipes The accountant Kenneth M. Horwitz’s “Deep Flavors” celebrates a lifetime of recipes. By Florence Fabricant Israel Dispatch Aided by Modern Ingenuity, a Taste of Ancient Judean Dates The harvest of the much-extolled but long-lost Judean dates was something of a scientific miracle. The fruit sprouted from seeds 2,000 years old. By Isabel Kershner What to Cook This Week See the summer season out with corn on the cob, or simply dressed ripe tomatoes. By Sam Sifton At Home Newsletter How to Pass the Time This Weekend Things to watch, eat, read and do as summer comes to a close. By Melissa Kirsch Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Cooking Newsletter Get regular updates from NYT Cooking, with recipe suggestions, cooking tips and shopping advice. And download Cooking for iPhone and iPad in the . App Store SIGN UP Advertisement Continue reading the main story Follow Us nytfood twitter page for nytfood nytcooking instagram page for nytcooking nytcooking facebook page for nytcooking nytcooking pinterest page for nytcooking Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions