 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Health Today’s Paper Advertisement Continue reading the main story Supported by Continue reading the main story Health Health Policy Global Health The New Old Age Science Well Coronavirus Outbreak Highlights Photo Sergio Flores for The New York Times Credit For Long-Haulers, Covid-19 Takes a Toll on Mind as Well as Body “It makes you depressed, anxious that it’s never going to go away.” By Emma Goldberg Photo Dibyangshu Sarkar/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Credit Daily Coronavirus Testing at Home? Many Experts Are Skeptical The buzzy idea is impractical, critics said. And there isn’t yet real-world data to show it will work. By Katherine J. Wu Photo Hiroko Masuike/The New York Times Credit New York Will Test the Dead More Often for Coronavirus and Flu New regulations require a ramp-up in testing for patients with symptoms, as well as people who weren’t tested before they died. By Katherine J. Wu Photo Hans Pennink/Associated Press Credit Pharma Companies Plan Joint Pledge on Vaccine Safety The statement is meant to reassure the public that the companies will not seek a premature approval of vaccines under pressure from the Trump administration. By , and Katie Thomas Noah Weiland Sharon LaFraniere Photo John Francis Peters for The New York Times Credit Vaping Links to Covid Risk Are Becoming Clear Researchers are starting to home in on the ways in which the use of e-cigarettes raises the chances of catching the virus, and suffering its worst effects. By Katherine J. Wu Photo Russian Direct Investment Fund, via Reuters Credit Russians Publish Early Coronavirus Vaccine Results The first batch of public data from the “Sputnik V” vaccine showed that it was safe and produced an immune response. No one knows yet whether it prevents coronavirus infections. By Carl Zimmer Photo Aileen Perilla for The New York Times Credit 2 College Students Dreamed Up an A.L.S. Treatment. The Results Are In. A study of their therapy and clinical trials of other experimental treatments are offering glimmers of hope that paralysis from the disorder can be slowed. By Pam Belluck Photo Credit Steroids Can Be Lifesaving for Covid-19 Patients, Scientists Report New data in hand, the W.H.O. recommended that doctors give the drugs to critically ill patients worldwide. By Roni Caryn Rabin Photo Etienne Laurent/EPA, via Shutterstock Credit A Parent’s Toughest Call: In-Person Schooling or Not? Parents are wrestling with difficult choices over sending their children to school. Here’s how one science reporter made the decision. By Apoorva Mandavilli Advertisement Continue reading the main story From Well More in From Well » Photo Marcio Jose Sanchez/Associated Press Credit How Your Labor Day Blast Could Make Pandemic Life Worse in the Fall After past holiday weekends caused spikes in Covid-19 cases, public health officials are urging people to keep gatherings small, outdoors and masked. By Tara Parker-Pope Photo Gracia Lam Credit The Risks of the Prescribing Cascade The problem occurs when drug-induced side effects are viewed as a new ailment and treated with yet another drug that can cause still other side effects. By Jane E. Brody Photo Getty Images Credit For Successful Aging, Pick Up the Pace or Mix It Up Older people who cycled for exercise walked more efficiently than people whose primary exercise is placid walking. By Gretchen Reynolds Photo Mike Blake/Reuters Credit Face Shields and Valved Masks Offer More Comfort but Less Protection While any face covering is better than nothing, clear plastic shields and masks with exhale valves allow large plumes of particles to escape and may also expose the wearer to more germs. By Tara Parker-Pope Photo Getty Images Credit The Pandemic of Work-From-Home Injuries Chiropractors report a surge in problems as millions of workers have spent months clacking away on sofas and beds and awkward kitchen counters. By Jeff Wilser The Coronavirus Outbreak More in The Coronavirus Outbreak » Photo Courtesy Matthew Marks Gallery Credit Combatir al virus durante la plaga de Trump Mi cuerpo se convirtió en un extraño. Está ahí fuera, en la lucha contra un enemigo que se ha metido en mi interior. By Roger Cohen Photo Hannah Yoon for The New York Times Credit Trump ‘Undermining Public Confidence,’ on Vaccine, Biden Says Joseph R. Biden Jr., the Democratic nominee for president, pushed for full transparency on a vaccine for the coronavirus and said that President Trump’s approach was unhelpful. By The Associated Press Photo Thomas Wehle/TSM Credit Chess (Yes, Chess) Is Now a Streaming Obsession Viewers are flocking to games during the pandemic, entranced by a charismatic grandmaster and his lightning-fast play. By Kellen Browning Photo Tolga Akmen/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Credit Demonstrators Rally Outside Assange’s Extradition Hearing Protesters gathered outside the London court where Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, appeared in a hearing on extradition to the United States. The case was delayed in February because of the pandemic. By The Associated Press Photo Daniel Leal-Olivas/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Credit As Brexit Deadlines Loom, the Posturing and Bickering Flare Again Prime Minister Boris Johnson is threatening to cut off negotiations by Oct. 15 if there is no progress. The European Union says the British are not negotiating. By and Mark Landler Stephen Castle Advertisement Continue reading the main story Latest Search Search Clear this text input Covid-19 Live Updates: Parties and Pushback Threaten College Reopenings Used cars have become a hot commodity. Across the United States, states and cities are planning fiscal maneuvers in case Congress can’t agree on a fiscal relief package after the August recess. In Sign of Progress, Fewer Than 1% of New York’s Virus Tests Are Positive The state’s share of positive tests has stayed below 1 percent for 30 straight days, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said, though he urged caution amid Labor Day celebrations. India surpassed Brazil to become the country with the second-highest number of cases. ‘Dwarf Pride’ Was Hard Won. Will a Growth Drug Undermine It? An experimental medication that increases height in children with the most common form of dwarfism has raised hope that it can help them lead easier lives. But some say the condition is not a problem in need of a cure. By Serena Solomon Northeastern University Dismisses 11 Students for Breaking Virus Rules but Keeps Their Tuition The U.N. warns of looming famines connected to the pandemic. Melbourne, Australia’s second-biggest city, has extended its lockdown by two weeks. Children’s Books A Son’s Future, a Father’s Final Down In Jacqueline Woodson’s “Before the Ever After,” a boy struggles to move forward as his pro football star father’s memory fades. By Randal C. Archibold Vaping Can Increase Coronavirus Hazards, Researchers Say India surpassed four million coronavirus cases. U.S. officials urged caution ahead of Labor Day weekend. Ties When My Dad Turned Off the Internet I’m 16. When my parents were my age, they didn’t have the internet and they didn’t have a pandemic. By Zoya Aziz Weekly Health Quiz: Face Shields, Coronavirus Treatments and Exercise for Aging Well Test your knowledge of this week’s health news. By Toby Bilanow Excess Weight May Increase Your Risk of Dementia Overweight people were about 30 percent more likely to develop dementia. By Nicholas Bakalar Babies Born at High Altitudes May Be Smaller Beginning as low as 500 meters, the higher the altitude, the shorter the babies’ length at birth and the slower their growth up to 5 years old. By Nicholas Bakalar Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Follow Us @nythealth twitter page for @nythealth NYTimesScience facebook page for NYTimesScience WellNYT facebook page for WellNYT @nytimeswell twitter page for @nytimeswell Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions