 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Asia Pacific Today’s Paper Asia Pacific | India Coronavirus Map and Case Count https://nyti.ms/2Y3fU26 The Coronavirus Outbreak live Latest Updates Maps and Cases Vaccine Tracker Eviction Moratorium American Hunger Advertisement Continue reading the main story India Coronavirus Map and Case Count By The New York Times Updated September 7, 2020, 8:01 P.M. E.T. World COUNTRIES | U.S.A. STATES Testing Brazil Canada France Germany India Italy Mexico Spain U.K. Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington, D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming 0 50,000 cases Feb. March April May June July Aug. Sept. New cases 7-day average Total cases 4.2 million+ Deaths 71,642 Includes confirmed and probable cases where available Map By state and union territory New cases Tips Latest news » There have been at least 4,204,600 confirmed cases of the coronavirus in India, according to the . As of Monday evening, 71,642 people had died. Ministry of Health and Welfare Reported cases in India Total cases Per capita Share of population with a reported case No cases reported Double-click to zoom into the map. Use two fingers to pan and zoom. Tap for details. Source: Ministry of Health and Welfare of India. Circles are sized by the number of people there who have tested positive, which may differ from where they contracted the illness. About this data For total cases and deaths: The map shows the known locations of coronavirus cases by region. Circles are sized by the number of people there who have tested positive or have a probable case of the virus, which may differ from where they contracted the illness. Here’s how the number of cases and deaths are growing in India: Reported cases and deaths by state and union territory This table is sorted by places with the most cases per 100,000 residents in the last seven days. Select deaths or a different column header to sort by different data. Cases Deaths Total cases Per 100,000 Total deaths Per 100,000 Cases in last 7 days Per 100,000 Deaths in last 7 days Per 100,000 Goa 20,829 1,428 236 16 3,825 262 53 4 Puducherry 17,032 1,365 314 25 2,905 233 93 7 Chandigarh 5,763 546 71 7 1,608 152 19 2 Andhra Pradesh 498,125 1,009 4,417 9 73,358 149 533 1 Ladakh 3,036 1,107 35 13 398 145 1 <1 Maharashtra 907,212 807 26,604 24 126,523 113 2,205 2 Delhi 191,449 1,140 4,567 27 18,059 108 141 <1 Tripura 15,508 422 149 4 3,864 105 46 1 Karnataka 398,551 652 6,393 10 62,623 103 804 1 Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu 2,575 1,059 2 <1 235 97 — — Show all India is one of many developing nations where leaders feel they have no choice but to Yet its public health system is severely strained, and experts believe it is likely to reach a breaking point as Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government continues to ease a nationwide lockdown. prioritize reopenings and accept the risks of surging coronavirus infections. Initially, the country took some of the strictest measures anywhere to slow the spread of the coronavirus, including placing all 1.3 billion citizens under a . But the measures were brutally hard on the poorest Indians. Some of the restrictions were lifted in early May to help revive the economy, including allowing construction and plantation work to resume and many shops to reopen. nationwide lockdown When Mr. Modi announced the lockdown, hundreds of thousands of migrant workers were initially stranded in cities without a way to reach their home villages. Some started long journeys on foot. Most headed back to the countryside because they couldn't afford the rent or food without work in the cities, and that just spread the virus across the larger swaths of the country. How Cases Are Growing Here’s how the number of new cases and deaths are changing over time: New reported cases by day in India 0 20,000 40,000 60,000 80,000 cases Feb. March April May June July Aug. Sept. New cases 7-day average Note: The seven-day average is the average of a day and the previous six days of data. New reported deaths by day in India 0 500 1,000 1,500 2,000 deaths Feb. March April May June July Aug. Sept. New deaths 7-day average Note: Scale for deaths chart is adjusted from cases chart to display trend. The New York Times has found that official and have undercounted deaths during the coronavirus outbreak because of limited testing availability. tallies in the United States in more than a dozen other countries India’s lockdown was largely considered effective, and it was widely obeyed. But with the measures largely lifted, anxiety is rising as the caseload surges, and more people have complained that they have been unable to find hospital beds. India’s total caseload has become the world’s second-largest. So far, a large chunk of India’s Covid-19 cases have come from five states: Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh, followed by Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh. Public health experts have warned that the country’s testing figures were still far too restricted. But capacity has been rising: On September 3, more than 1,172,000 samples were tested in 24 hours, taking the total number of samples tested so far to 45,509,380. Where You Can Find More Information Read more about how Muslims in India have been , the and in New Delhi, and during the outbreak. blamed for spreading the virus steep drop in air pollution life under lockdown how half a billion people could slip into destitution Here is where you can find more detailed information: are updated daily by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Case counts and regional breakdowns from the government, including travel advisories and Covid-19 educational materials. Guidelines and essential information Follow these local media organizations for more information: , , , and . Hindustan Times Scroll.in The Indian Express The Hindu About the data Governments often revise data or report a single-day large increase in cases or deaths from unspecified days without historical revisions, which can cause an irregular pattern in the daily reported figures. The Times is excluding these anomalies from seven-day averages when possible. Tracking the Coronavirus United States Latest Maps and Data Cases and deaths for every county Deaths Above Normal The true toll of coronavirus in the U.S. Cities and Metro Areas Where it is getting better and worse Testing Is your state doing enough? Nursing Homes The hardest-hit states and facilities Colleges and Universities Cases at more than 1,000 schools Reopening Which states are open and closed World Latest Maps and Data Cases and deaths for every country Deaths Above Normal The true toll of coronavirus around the world Health Vaccines Track their development Treatments Rated by effectiveness and safety Countries Brazil Canada France Germany India Italy Mexico Spain U.K. United States States, Territories and Cities Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York New York City North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington, D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming What you can do Experts’ . It seems that there are : how close you get to an infected person; how long you are near that person; whether that person expels viral droplets on or near you; and how much you touch your face afterwards. understanding of how the Covid-19 works is growing four factors that most likely play a role Here is a guide to the symptoms of Covid-19. You can help reduce your risk and do your part to protect others by following some : basic steps Keep your distance from others. Stay at least six feet away from people outside your household as much as possible. Wear a mask outside your home. A mask protects others from your germs, and it protects you from infection as well. The more people who wear masks, the more we all stay safer. Wash your hands often. Anytime you come in contact with a surface outside your home, scrub with soap for at least 20 seconds, rinse and then dry your hands with a clean towel. Avoid touching your face. The virus can spread when our hands come into contact with the virus, and we touch our nose, mouth or eyes. Try to keep your hands away from your face unless you have just recently washed them. Here’s a for the coronavirus outbreak. complete guide on how you can prepare Note: Data are based on reports at the time of publication. At times, officials revise reports or offer incomplete information. Population data are from ESRI. By , , , Julia Calderone, , Matthew Conlen, Lindsey Cook, Gabriel Gianordoli, , , , , Danya Issawi, , , Alex Lemonides, , , , Kirk Semple, Julie Walton Shaver, , Charlie Smart, , , , and . · Reporting was contributed by Jordan Allen, Jeff Arnold, , , , Samone Blair, Nicholas Bogel-Burroughs, Aurelien Breeden, Elisha Brown, Emma Bubola, Maddie Burakoff, Alyssa Burr, Christopher Calabrese, Sarah Cahalan, Zak Cassel, Robert Chiarito, Izzy Colón, Matt Craig, Yves De Jesus, Brendon Derr, Brandon Dupré, Melissa Eddy, John Eligon, Timmy Facciola, Bianca Fortis, Matt Furber, Robert Gebeloff, , Grace Gorenflo, Rebecca Griesbach, Benjamin Guggenheim, Lauryn Higgins, Josh Holder, Jake Holland, Jon Huang, Anna Joyce, Ann Hinga Klein, Jacob LaGesse, Alex Lim, Patricia Mazzei, Jesse McKinley, Miles McKinley, K.B. Mensah, Sarah Mervosh, Jacob Meschke, Lauren Messman, Andrea Michelson, Jaylynn Moffat-Mowatt, Steven Moity, Paul Moon, Thomas Gibbons-Neff, Anahad O'Connor, Ashlyn O’Hara, Azi Paybarah, Elian Peltier, Sean Plambeck, Laney Pope, Elisabetta Povoledo, Cierra S. Queen, Savannah Redl, Scott Reinhard, Thomas Rivas, Frances Robles, Natasha Rodriguez, Jess Ruderman, Alison Saldanha, , Alex Schwartz, Emily Schwing, Libby Seline, Sarena Snider, Brandon Thorp, Alex Traub, Maura Turcotte, Tracey Tully, Lisa Waananen Jones, Amy Schoenfeld Walker, Jeremy White, Kristine White, Bonnie G. Wong, Tiffany Wong, and John Yoon. · Data acquisition and additional work contributed by Will Houp, Andrew Chavez, Michael Strickland, Tiff Fehr, Miles Watkins, , Albert Sun, Shelly Seroussi, Nina Pavlich, Carmen Cincotti, Ben Smithgall, Andrew Fischer, , , Alastair Coote, Steven Speicher, Hugh Mandeville, Robin Berjon, Thu Trinh, Carolyn Price, James G. Robinson, Phil Wells, Yanxing Yang, Michael Beswetherick, Michael Robles, Nikhil Baradwaj, Ariana Giorgi and Bella Virgilio. Sarah Almukhtar Aliza Aufrichtig Matthew Bloch Keith Collins Amy Harmon Rich Harris Adeel Hassan Jon Huang Danielle Ivory K.K. Rebecca Lai Allison McCann Richard A. Oppel Jr. Jugal K. Patel Anjali Singhvi Mitch Smith Derek Watkins Timothy Williams Jin Wu Karen Yourish Ian Austen Mike Baker Ellen Barry Matthew Goldstein Kai Schultz Sameer Yasir Josh Williams Rachel Shorey Blacki Migliozzi Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions