 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index U.S. Today’s Paper U.S. | Mississippi Coronavirus Map and Case Count https://nyti.ms/3bJgFRS The Coronavirus Outbreak live Latest Updates Maps and Cases Vaccine Tracker Eviction Moratorium American Hunger Advertisement Continue reading the main story Mississippi Coronavirus Map and Case Count By The New York Times Updated September 7, 2020, 8:06 A.M. E.T. World COUNTRIES | U.S.A. STATES Testing Brazil Canada France Germany India Italy Mexico Spain U.K. Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington, D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming 0 1,000 cases March April May June July Aug. Sept. Four days of data released New cases 7-day average Day with data reporting anomaly. Total cases 86,888 Deaths 2,584 Includes confirmed and probable cases where available Map By county New cases Tips Latest news » At least 15 new coronavirus deaths and 410 new cases were reported in Mississippi on Sept. 6. Over the past week, there have been an average of 602 cases per day, a decrease of 27 percent from the average two weeks earlier. As of Monday morning, there have been at least 86,888 cases and 2,584 deaths in Mississippi since the beginning of the pandemic, according to a New York Times database. Hot spots Total cases Deaths Per capita Average daily cases per 100,000 people in the past week Few or no cases Share of population with a reported case No cases reported Double-click to zoom into the map. Use two fingers to pan and zoom. Tap for details. Sources: State and local health agencies and hospitals. Population and demographic data from Census Bureau. About this data For total cases and deaths: The map shows the known locations of coronavirus cases by county. Circles are sized by the number of people there who have tested positive or have a probable case of the virus, which may differ from where they contracted the illness. For per capita: Parts of a county with a population density lower than 10 people per square mile are not shaded. For hot spots: The hot spots map shows the share of population with a new reported case over the last week. Parts of a county with a population density lower than 10 people per square mile are not shaded. Reported cases and deaths by county This table is sorted by places with the most cases per 100,000 residents in the last seven days. Charts are colored to reveal when outbreaks emerged. Cases Deaths Total cases Per 100,000 Total deaths Per 100,000 Cases in last 7 days Per 100,000 Deaths in last 7 days Per 100,000 Weekly cases per capita Fewer More Mississippi 86,888 2,919 2,584 87 4,212 142 143 5 March 1 Sept. 6 Lafayette 1,750 3,240 38 70 331 613 4 7 Bolivar 1,647 5,377 58 189 159 519 9 29 Perry 351 2,932 12 100 58 484 3 25 Quitman 351 5,168 4 59 31 456 1 15 Itawamba 635 2,715 17 73 80 342 1 4 Tallahatchie 673 4,874 13 94 44 319 — — Oktibbeha 1,584 3,194 46 93 158 319 — — Coahoma 1,042 4,710 22 99 67 303 4 18 Prentiss 679 2,702 15 60 64 255 3 12 Sharkey 254 5,878 10 231 10 231 2 46 Show all About this data Weekly cases per capita shows the share of population with a new reported case for each week. Weeks without a reported case are shaded gray. The table includes new cases and deaths that were reported in the last seven days. The New York Times is engaged in a comprehensive effort to track details about every reported case in the United States, collecting information from federal, state and local officials around the clock. The numbers in this article are being updated several times a day based on the latest information our journalists are gathering from around the country. We’re tracking what has reopened in Mississippi » New reported cases by day in Mississippi 0 500 1,000 1,500 cases March April May June July Aug. Sept. Four days of data released New cases 7-day average These are days with a data reporting anomaly. Read more . here Note: The seven-day average is the average of a day and the previous six days of data. New reported deaths by day in Mississippi 0 20 40 60 deaths March April May June July Aug. Sept. Four days of data released New deaths 7-day average These are days with a data reporting anomaly. Read more . here Note: Scale for deaths chart is adjusted from cases chart to display trend. The New York Times has found that official and have undercounted deaths during the coronavirus outbreak because of limited testing availability. tallies in the United States in more than a dozen other countries About the data In data for Mississippi, the Times primarily relies on reports from the state. Mississippi typically releases new data each day. Weekend counts may be lower because fewer sources report to the state. The state reports cases and deaths based on a person’s permanent or usual residence. The Times has identified the following reporting anomalies or methodology changes in the data: Mississippi did not publish new data. June 11: Mississippi did not update its data for cases or deaths while resolving technical issues from June 19 to 21. June 19: Mississippi released several days of backlogged data at once after resolving a technical issue. June 22: The tallies on this page include probable and confirmed cases and deaths. , which are widely considered to be an undercount of the true toll, are counts of individuals whose coronavirus infections were confirmed by a molecular laboratory test. count individuals who meet criteria for other types of testing, symptoms and exposure, as developed by national and local governments. Confirmed cases and deaths Probable cases and deaths Governments often revise data or report a single-day large increase in cases or deaths from unspecified days without historical revisions, which can cause an irregular pattern in the daily reported figures. The Times is excluding these anomalies from seven-day averages when possible. Read more about the methodology and download county-level data for coronavirus cases in the United States from The New York Times . on GitHub Tracking the Coronavirus United States Latest Maps and Data Cases and deaths for every county Deaths Above Normal The true toll of coronavirus in the U.S. Cities and Metro Areas Where it is getting better and worse Testing Is your state doing enough? Nursing Homes The hardest-hit states and facilities Colleges and Universities Cases at more than 1,000 schools Reopening Which states are open and closed World Latest Maps and Data Cases and deaths for every country Deaths Above Normal The true toll of coronavirus around the world Health Vaccines Track their development Treatments Rated by effectiveness and safety Countries Brazil Canada France Germany India Italy Mexico Spain U.K. United States States, Territories and Cities Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York New York City North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington, D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming What you can do Experts’ . It seems that there are : how close you get to an infected person; how long you are near that person; whether that person expels viral droplets on or near you; and how much you touch your face afterwards. understanding of how the Covid-19 works is growing four factors that most likely play a role Here is a guide to the symptoms of Covid-19. You can help reduce your risk and do your part to protect others by following some : basic steps Keep your distance from others. Stay at least six feet away from people outside your household as much as possible. Wear a mask outside your home. A mask protects others from your germs, and it protects you from infection as well. The more people who wear masks, the more we all stay safer. Wash your hands often. Anytime you come in contact with a surface outside your home, scrub with soap for at least 20 seconds, rinse and then dry your hands with a clean towel. Avoid touching your face. The virus can spread when our hands come into contact with the virus, and we touch our nose, mouth or eyes. Try to keep your hands away from your face unless you have just recently washed them. Here’s a for the coronavirus outbreak. complete guide on how you can prepare By , , , Julia Calderone, , Matthew Conlen, Lindsey Cook, Gabriel Gianordoli, , , , , Danya Issawi, , , Alex Lemonides, , , , Kirk Semple, Julie Walton Shaver, , Charlie Smart, , , , and . · Reporting was contributed by Jordan Allen, Jeff Arnold, , , , Samone Blair, Nicholas Bogel-Burroughs, Aurelien Breeden, Elisha Brown, Emma Bubola, Maddie Burakoff, Alyssa Burr, Christopher Calabrese, Sarah Cahalan, Zak Cassel, Robert Chiarito, Izzy Colón, Matt Craig, Yves De Jesus, Brendon Derr, Brandon Dupré, Melissa Eddy, John Eligon, Timmy Facciola, Bianca Fortis, Matt Furber, Robert Gebeloff, , Grace Gorenflo, Rebecca Griesbach, Benjamin Guggenheim, Lauryn Higgins, Josh Holder, Jake Holland, Jon Huang, Anna Joyce, Ann Hinga Klein, Jacob LaGesse, Alex Lim, Patricia Mazzei, Jesse McKinley, Miles McKinley, K.B. Mensah, Sarah Mervosh, Jacob Meschke, Lauren Messman, Andrea Michelson, Jaylynn Moffat-Mowatt, Steven Moity, Paul Moon, Thomas Gibbons-Neff, Anahad O'Connor, Ashlyn O’Hara, Azi Paybarah, Elian Peltier, Sean Plambeck, Laney Pope, Elisabetta Povoledo, Cierra S. Queen, Savannah Redl, Scott Reinhard, Thomas Rivas, Frances Robles, Natasha Rodriguez, Jess Ruderman, Alison Saldanha, , Alex Schwartz, Emily Schwing, Libby Seline, Sarena Snider, Brandon Thorp, Alex Traub, Maura Turcotte, Tracey Tully, Lisa Waananen Jones, Amy Schoenfeld Walker, Jeremy White, Kristine White, Bonnie G. Wong, Tiffany Wong, and John Yoon. · Data acquisition and additional work contributed by Will Houp, Andrew Chavez, Michael Strickland, Tiff Fehr, Miles Watkins, , Albert Sun, Shelly Seroussi, Nina Pavlich, Carmen Cincotti, Ben Smithgall, Andrew Fischer, , , Alastair Coote, Steven Speicher, Hugh Mandeville, Robin Berjon, Thu Trinh, Carolyn Price, James G. Robinson, Phil Wells, Yanxing Yang, Michael Beswetherick, Michael Robles, Nikhil Baradwaj, Ariana Giorgi and Bella Virgilio. Sarah Almukhtar Aliza Aufrichtig Matthew Bloch Keith Collins Amy Harmon Rich Harris Adeel Hassan Jon Huang Danielle Ivory K.K. Rebecca Lai Allison McCann Richard A. Oppel Jr. Jugal K. Patel Anjali Singhvi Mitch Smith Derek Watkins Timothy Williams Jin Wu Karen Yourish Ian Austen Mike Baker Ellen Barry Matthew Goldstein Kai Schultz Sameer Yasir Josh Williams Rachel Shorey Blacki Migliozzi Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions