 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index New York Today’s Paper Advertisement Continue reading the main story Supported by Continue reading the main story New York Highlights Photo Lloyd Mitchell for The New York Times Credit 6-Year-Old and 4 Others Are Shot at J’Ouvert Celebration in Brooklyn The boy’s wounds were not life-threatening, officials said, but the violence once again marred the pre-dawn West Indian American Day celebration. By and Alan Feuer Sean Piccoli Photo Gabby Jones for The New York Times Credit Tax the Ultrarich? Cuomo Resists, Even With a $14 Billion Budget Gap State Democratic lawmakers are pressuring Gov. Andrew Cuomo to approve a tax on the wealthy, fearing that budget cuts will hurt those most in need. By and Luis Ferré-Sadurní Jesse McKinley Photo Gordo Martinez Credit He Turned His Life Around. Then a Gunman Showed Up at His Church. The church helped him have a second chance at life. Two decades later, Edward James, 62, was killed trying to help another man do the same. By Juliana Kim Photo Joshua Rashaad McFadden for The New York Times Credit After Accusations of Police Cover-Up, Prude Case Goes to Grand Jury The decision by New York’s attorney general comes more than five months after Daniel Prude died of suffocation after officers in Rochester, N.Y., placed a hood over his head. By Michael Wilson Photo Joshua Rashaad McFadden for The New York Times Credit Daniel Prude’s Death: Police Silence and Accusations of a Cover-Up The police in Rochester, N.Y., treated the death of Mr. Prude as a drug overdose. The case drew scrutiny when footage showed that he had been pinned down and hooded by officers. By , , , and Michael Wilson Jesse McKinley Luis Ferré-Sadurní Troy Closson Sarah Maslin Nir Photo Mark Abramson for The New York Times Credit Drones, Hooks and Blood: Secrets of the Shark Fishermen of Long Island ‘I don’t want to encourage other people to do this.’ By Jordan Salama Photo Joshua Rashaad McFadden for The New York Times Credit On the Ground in Rochester: Protests and Grief Tensions grew overnight, and police fired irritant into a crowd of people protesting the death of Daniel Prude. By Sarah Maslin Nir Photo Jackie Molloy for The New York Times Credit N.Y.C. Parents Are Exhausted. But Will They Send Their Children to School? So far, nearly 40 percent of families have opted to have their children learn fully remotely when public schools reopen on Sept. 21. By Eliza Shapiro Photo Credit N.Y.C. Cut 40,000 Youth Jobs When They Were Needed Most “I wasn’t doing this for video games,” said one participant in the Summer Youth Employment Program, whose budget was slashed because of the pandemic. For those who didn’t get a slot, it was yet another letdown in an uncertain year. By and David Gonzalez Benjamin Norman Advertisement Continue reading the main story Latest Search Search Clear this text input Covid-19 Live Updates: Parties and Pushback Threaten College Reopenings Used cars have become a hot commodity. Across the United States, states and cities are planning fiscal maneuvers in case Congress can’t agree on a fiscal relief package after the August recess. New York Will Test the Dead More Often for Coronavirus and Flu New regulations require a ramp-up in testing for patients with symptoms, as well as people who weren’t tested before they died. By Katherine J. Wu In Sign of Progress, Fewer Than 1% of New York’s Virus Tests Are Positive The state’s share of positive tests has stayed below 1 percent for 30 straight days, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said, though he urged caution amid Labor Day celebrations. India surpassed Brazil to become the country with the second-highest number of cases. Daily Coronavirus Testing at Home? Many Experts Are Skeptical The buzzy idea is impractical, critics said. And there isn’t yet real-world data to show it will work. By Katherine J. Wu What’s selling now Homes That Sold for Around $575,000 Recent residential sales in New York City and the region. By C. J. Hughes METROPOLITAN DIARY ‘I Saw a Prominent Display of a Sauvignon Blanc From New Zealand’ Picking out a bottle of wine to share with friends, sturdy ivy in Queens and more reader tales of New York in this week’s Metropolitan Diary. Celebrate the Jewish High Holy Days, Pandemic-Style Here are ways Jewish congregations around the country are observing Rosh Hashana and Yom Kippur this year, from pretaped shofar blasts to webinars on how to make your own altars. By Courtney Rubin Flock to a Bird Fest or a Country Music Concert This week, meet the feathered residents of the Pacific Northwest, remember the victims of 9/11, rock out to Margo Price and uncover the secrets of asteroids over a meal. By Adriana Balsamo Hilary Moss and Gene Norman, Who Helped Landmark Broadway Theaters, Dies at 85 As chairman of New York’s preservation commission, he also oversaw the preservation of St. Bartholomew’s Church, the Coney Island Cyclone and Ladies’ Mile. By Sam Roberts Northeastern University Dismisses 11 Students for Breaking Virus Rules but Keeps Their Tuition The U.N. warns of looming famines connected to the pandemic. Melbourne, Australia’s second-biggest city, has extended its lockdown by two weeks. Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Follow Us @NYTMetro twitter page for @NYTMetro Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions