 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Today’s Paper Advertisement Continue reading the main story Supported by Continue reading the main story Opinion Columnists Charles M. Blow Jamelle Bouie David Brooks Frank Bruni Roger Cohen Gail Collins Ross Douthat Maureen Dowd Thomas L. Friedman Michelle Goldberg Nicholas Kristof Paul Krugman Farhad Manjoo Jennifer Senior Bret Stephens Series Disability Fixes On Campus Red Century Sporting The Stone Vietnam '67 Editorials Op-Ed Letters Sunday Review Videos Politics World Gender & Society Business Tech Environment Health Culture Highlights Photo Bryan Woolston/Reuters Credit Paul Krugman Gross Domestic Misery Is Rising The recovery is bypassing those who need it most. By Paul Krugman Photo Alex Edelman/Getty Images Credit The Tax Cut for the Rich That Democrats Love Why are party leaders fighting to get rid of one surprisingly progressive element of the 2017 tax bill? By and Richard V. Reeves Christopher Pulliam Photo Credit I Used the Podium to Protest. The Olympic Committee Punished Me. The I.O.C. is on the wrong side of history, again. By Gwen Berry Photo William DeShazer for The New York Times Credit Margaret Renkl A 150,000-Bird Orchestra in the Sky A huge flock of purple martins is using Nashville as a staging ground for the fall migration — and bringing music back to the city’s shuttered symphony center. By Margaret Renkl The Argument Photo Credit Is ‘American Carnage’ Campaign Gold? What is the political fallout of urban violence? And is the media just buying into it? Photo Shawn Thew/EPA, via Shutterstock Credit Kids Can Learn to Love Learning, Even Over Zoom There are ways for teachers to nurture curiosity — and they’re especially important in online classes. By and Adam Grant Allison Sweet Grant Photo Credit Can a Person's Hands Reveal Their Job? We use them to grip, to hold, to guide. A photo essay in honor of the American worker. By and Binyamin Appelbaum photographs by Damon Winter Photo Ben Margot/Associated Press Credit The Best Reason to Go to College It’s the same as it ever was: To learn that the world is more than the issues that divide us. By Pico Iyer Photo Illustration by The New York Times; photograph by John Minchillo/Associated Press Credit How to Fix New York’s $5 Billion Budget Crisis Before he borrows, Mayor de Blasio needs to make significant cuts to avoid greater pain later. By The Editorial Board Advertisement Continue reading the main story Latest Search Search Clear this text input letters Our Mental Health Amid a Pandemic Readers react to a Sunday Review article that asked “Are You Depressed or Bored?,” suggesting that “we’re just bored out of our minds” rather than clinically ill. letters Protecting Forests From Climate Change A conservationist argues for a more proactive approach in the face of decline. Also: If you’re a morning person. What the Oil Spill in Venezuela Tells Us About Its Politics The largest oil reserves and one of the world’s most incompetent governments have brought authoritarianism, economic collapse and environmental disaster to the country. By Javier Corrales Leer en español Times Video I Used the Podium to Protest. The Olympic Committee Punished Me. The I.O.C. is on the wrong side of history, again. By Gwen Berry When Republicans and Unions Got Along Support for unions is rising. The G.O.P. might want to be part of that. By Steven Greenhouse Scenes from America's Divided Cities Even in this crisis, our sidewalks are the essential stage of public life. By The New York Times Opinion How Many Lives Would a More Normal President Have Saved? Trump failed to meet the Covid-19 challenge. But it’s harder to judge whether the overall response was catastrophic or merely mediocre. By Ross Douthat ‘I Keep My Promises,’ Trump Said. Let’s Check. Here’s a report card on whether the president met his 2016 campaign pledges. By Nicholas Kristof The Coronavirus May Change College Admissions Forever A pandemic returns the focus to what matters: education. By Frank Bruni How Many of These 68,000 Deaths Could Have Been Avoided? Nursing home residents and staff members account for around 40 percent of coronavirus-related deaths in the U.S. There’s no justifiable reason for that. By The Editorial Board Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions