 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Opinion Today’s Paper Opinion Can a Person's Hands Reveal Their Job? By and Binyamin Appelbaum photographs by Damon Winter Sept. 6, 2020 This article is part of a Times Opinion series exploring how the nation can emerge from this crisis stronger, fairer and more free. Read the and the . "The America We Need," introductory editorial editor's letter Blind and deaf, she apprehended the world through her hands, and she took the measure of other people through their hands. She read in hands what others read in faces. Helen Keller was a careful student of hands. Mark Twain’s hand, , “is full of whimsies and the drollest humors.” Other hands were more surprising: “A bishop with a jocose hand; a humorist with a hand of leaden gravity; a man of pretentious valor with a timorous hand.” she wrote in 1905 Indeed, Keller said hands were more honest than faces: We may compose our faces, but our hands speak open and unconscious truths. Keller could feel the differences others see, as between the soft, lacquer-tipped hands of a banker and the rough, oil-stained hands of a mechanic. But she found deeper manifestations of character in the movement of hands. “I have clasped the hands of some rich people that spin not and toil not, and yet are not beautiful,” she wrote. “Beneath their soft, smooth roundness what a chaos of undeveloped character.” Hands were windows on the soul. The hands here tell the stories of American workers. We see both commonality and diversity. Everyone works with their hands, and their hands testify to the nature of their labors. 21 years Nurse, is a registered nurse and clinical coordinator at Cayuga Medical Center in Ithaca, N.Y., where she has worked for 21 years. Valerie Wilson See More Valerie Wilson 21 years Nurse, is a registered nurse and clinical coordinator at Cayuga Medical Center in Ithaca, N.Y., where she has worked for 21 years. Valerie Wilson 27 years Furniture finisher, has worked finishing furniture at the Stickley furniture factory in Manlius, N.Y., for 27 years. Vasily Livitskiy See More Vasily Livitskiy 27 years Furniture finisher, has worked finishing furniture at the Stickley furniture factory in Manlius, N.Y., for 27 years. Vasily Livitskiy 6 years Chef, is the head chef for a personal chef and catering service that she has owned and operated for almost six years. Ms. Heidelberg has been cooking for her family as a single mother for over 20 years. Lisa Heidelberg See More Lisa Heidelberg 6 years Chef, is the head chef for a personal chef and catering service that she has owned and operated for almost six years. Ms. Heidelberg has been cooking for her family as a single mother for over 20 years. Lisa Heidelberg 15 years Equipment operator, has been working at an Amazon distribution center as a trainer/specialist and industrial vehicle operator for three months. He has operated industrial equipment such as forklifts for the past 15 years, most recently for DHL and The Limited. James Russell See More James Russell 15 years Equipment operator, has been working at an Amazon distribution center as a trainer/specialist and industrial vehicle operator for three months. He has operated industrial equipment such as forklifts for the past 15 years, most recently for DHL and The Limited. James Russell 45 years Auto mechanic, has owned and operated Total Auto Care in Homer, N.Y., for 45 years. He does much of the mechanical work himself. Craig Odell See More Craig Odell 45 years Auto mechanic, has owned and operated Total Auto Care in Homer, N.Y., for 45 years. He does much of the mechanical work himself. Craig Odell 3 years Housekeeper, has been working as a housekeeper at the Holiday Inn in Binghamton, N.Y., for three years. Maria Buck See More Maria Buck 3 years Housekeeper, has been working as a housekeeper at the Holiday Inn in Binghamton, N.Y., for three years. Maria Buck 22 years Banker, has been in banking for 22 years and recently began working as vice president of Ohio State Bank, a new financial institution in Ohio. Justine Baker See More Justine Baker 22 years Banker, has been in banking for 22 years and recently began working as vice president of Ohio State Bank, a new financial institution in Ohio. Justine Baker 1 year Designer and student, was in his first year at Pittsburgh Technical College studying design when his school closed because of the pandemic. He has transferred to the Erie Institute of Technology and is starting his own business doing graphic design, music videos and photography. Quhan Knight See More Quhan Knight 1 year Designer and student, was in his first year at Pittsburgh Technical College studying design when his school closed because of the pandemic. He has transferred to the Erie Institute of Technology and is starting his own business doing graphic design, music videos and photography. Quhan Knight 4 years Salt miner, has been working at the Cargill Salt Mine in Lansing, N.Y., for four years. He is on the crew that maintains the mine shafts, including a nearly 100-year-old timber-supported shaft. Devon Luoma See More Devon Luoma 4 years Salt miner, has been working at the Cargill Salt Mine in Lansing, N.Y., for four years. He is on the crew that maintains the mine shafts, including a nearly 100-year-old timber-supported shaft. Devon Luoma 11 years Steelworker, received fourth-degree burns on his right hand, chest and leg in an accident while cleaning a coke oven door at the U.S. Steel plant in Clairton, Ohio, in 2017. He has gone through several rounds of surgery and has been on disability for over three years. Mr. Salazar worked for U.S. Steel for 11 years. Ron Salazar See More Ron Salazar 11 years Steelworker, received fourth-degree burns on his right hand, chest and leg in an accident while cleaning a coke oven door at the U.S. Steel plant in Clairton, Ohio, in 2017. He has gone through several rounds of surgery and has been on disability for over three years. Mr. Salazar worked for U.S. Steel for 11 years. Ron Salazar 5 years Technician, worked at the General Electric factory in Erie, Pa., for five years before he was laid off. He worked as a casino slot machine technician and then a car wash maintenance technician. He fell and injured his ankle and has been on disability for over a year. Robert Mitchell Jr. See More Robert Mitchell Jr. 5 years Technician, worked at the General Electric factory in Erie, Pa., for five years before he was laid off. He worked as a casino slot machine technician and then a car wash maintenance technician. He fell and injured his ankle and has been on disability for over a year. Robert Mitchell Jr. 14 years School bus driver, has worked as a bus driver for the Homer Central School District in New York for 14 years. She has also run a custom embroidery business. Onna Jean Votra See More Onna Jean Votra 14 years School bus driver, has worked as a bus driver for the Homer Central School District in New York for 14 years. She has also run a custom embroidery business. Onna Jean Votra 36 years Painter, has been working for two years as a painter with Flatiron Management in Ithaca, N.Y. He has been painting since he was 15 years old. Resean Hues See More Resean Hues 36 years Painter, has been working for two years as a painter with Flatiron Management in Ithaca, N.Y. He has been painting since he was 15 years old. Resean Hues 47 years Barber, has been cutting hair for 47 years. He recently started working at Supreme Cuts in Ithaca, N.Y. Musa Peterson See More Musa Peterson 47 years Barber, has been cutting hair for 47 years. He recently started working at Supreme Cuts in Ithaca, N.Y. Musa Peterson 46 years Meatpacker, bought the Owasco Meat Company in Moravia, N.Y., in 1974 when he was 26 years old after graduating from Cornell University’s agriculture school. He has been packing meat there for 46 years. Mr. Brannon handles retail meat packing as well as slaughter and processing services for area farms. Larry Brannon See More Larry Brannon 46 years Meatpacker, bought the Owasco Meat Company in Moravia, N.Y., in 1974 when he was 26 years old after graduating from Cornell University’s agriculture school. He has been packing meat there for 46 years. Mr. Brannon handles retail meat packing as well as slaughter and processing services for area farms. Larry Brannon 1 year Unemployed, is unemployed. He was in his freshman year at Gannon University, studying accounting and sports management, when the pandemic closed the university. Mikel-Bryan Ott See More Mikel-Bryan Ott 1 year Unemployed, is unemployed. He was in his freshman year at Gannon University, studying accounting and sports management, when the pandemic closed the university. Mikel-Bryan Ott 13 years Gun toolmaker, has worked for 20 years for Remington Arms, a gun manufacturer in Ilion, N.Y. He started as a machinist and has worked for the past 13 years as a toolmaker, making the fixtures and gauges used in the manufacturing of intricate parts. Jeffrey Madison See More Jeffrey Madison 13 years Gun toolmaker, has worked for 20 years for Remington Arms, a gun manufacturer in Ilion, N.Y. He started as a machinist and has worked for the past 13 years as a toolmaker, making the fixtures and gauges used in the manufacturing of intricate parts. Jeffrey Madison 21 years Carpenter, has been a member of the Indiana/Kentucky/Ohio Regional Council of Carpenters for 21 years and has been pouring concrete since he was 13 years old. He teaches concrete form construction at a training center in Columbus, Ohio. Jason Wiley See More Jason Wiley 21 years Carpenter, has been a member of the Indiana/Kentucky/Ohio Regional Council of Carpenters for 21 years and has been pouring concrete since he was 13 years old. He teaches concrete form construction at a training center in Columbus, Ohio. Jason Wiley 17 years Sharpener, is the knife and tool sharpener at River’s Edge Cutlery in Hilliard, Ohio, which he has owned and operated for 17 years. Mike Kent See More Mike Kent 17 years Sharpener, is the knife and tool sharpener at River’s Edge Cutlery in Hilliard, Ohio, which he has owned and operated for 17 years. Mike Kent 27 years Coal miner, has worked as a coal miner for 27 years, doing almost every job at the mine over the years. He currently works as a mechanic for Cumberland Coal Resources in western Pennsylvania, his employer of 11 years. Chuck Burgess See More Chuck Burgess 27 years Coal miner, has worked as a coal miner for 27 years, doing almost every job at the mine over the years. He currently works as a mechanic for Cumberland Coal Resources in western Pennsylvania, his employer of 11 years. Chuck Burgess 9 years Farmhand, has been working as a farmhand at Fouts Farm, a dairy farm in Cortland, N.Y., for nine years. Fredy Velasquez See More Fredy Velasquez 9 years Farmhand, has been working as a farmhand at Fouts Farm, a dairy farm in Cortland, N.Y., for nine years. Fredy Velasquez 25 years Farm owner, is the third-generation owner and operator of Fouts Farm, a dairy farm in Cortland, N.Y. He joined a partnership with his parents as a co-owner in 1995. Paul Fouts See More Paul Fouts 25 years Farm owner, is the third-generation owner and operator of Fouts Farm, a dairy farm in Cortland, N.Y. He joined a partnership with his parents as a co-owner in 1995. Paul Fouts 15 years Courier, has worked as a courier and assistant manager with Fedex for the past 15 years. In normal times he works three other jobs: as an English teacher at a Chinese school, a charcuterie chef at a farm-to-table restaurant and a logistics manager at a Japanese electronics company. Donte Allen See More Donte Allen 15 years Courier, has worked as a courier and assistant manager with Fedex for the past 15 years. In normal times he works three other jobs: as an English teacher at a Chinese school, a charcuterie chef at a farm-to-table restaurant and a logistics manager at a Japanese electronics company. Donte Allen 25 years Software professional, has been a software professional for 25 years and has been the president of Cybervation Inc., a software development, I.T. and medical staffing company, for 10 years. She is the founder of CoolTechGirls, a nonprofit that encourages girls to pursue interests and careers in science, technology, engineering and math. Purba Majumder See More Purba Majumder 25 years Software professional, has been a software professional for 25 years and has been the president of Cybervation Inc., a software development, I.T. and medical staffing company, for 10 years. She is the founder of CoolTechGirls, a nonprofit that encourages girls to pursue interests and careers in science, technology, engineering and math. Purba Majumder 4 years Massage therapist, , a mother of four children, has been working as a licensed massage therapist at Rasa Spa in Ithaca, N.Y., for over four years. Sarah Jones See More Sarah Jones 4 years Massage therapist, , a mother of four children, has been working as a licensed massage therapist at Rasa Spa in Ithaca, N.Y., for over four years. Sarah Jones 1 year Apprentice carpenter, is in the first year of his four-year carpenter apprenticeship through the Indiana/Kentucky/Ohio Regional Council of Carpenters. Mr. Warren entered the program straight out of high school and specializes in concrete form construction. Josh Warren See More Josh Warren 1 year Apprentice carpenter, is in the first year of his four-year carpenter apprenticeship through the Indiana/Kentucky/Ohio Regional Council of Carpenters. Mr. Warren entered the program straight out of high school and specializes in concrete form construction. Josh Warren 16 years Cosmetologist, has been working as a cosmetologist for 16 years and currently works at a nail salon in Canandaigua, N.Y. She also travels around the country teaching nail care techniques. Thao Ly Pham See More Thao Ly Pham 16 years Cosmetologist, has been working as a cosmetologist for 16 years and currently works at a nail salon in Canandaigua, N.Y. She also travels around the country teaching nail care techniques. Thao Ly Pham Damon Winter is a staff photographer on assignment in Opinion. Designed and Developed by Eleni Agapis Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions