 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Sunday Review Today’s Paper Sunday Review | ‘I Keep My Promises,’ Trump Said. Let’s Check. https://nyti.ms/3gYlJDT Advertisement Continue reading the main story Opinion Supported by Continue reading the main story ‘I Keep My Promises,’ Trump Said. Let’s Check. Here’s a report card on whether the president met his 2016 campaign pledges. By Nicholas Kristof Opinion Columnist Sept. 5, 2020 Credit... Carolyn Kaster/Associated Press Four years ago as a candidate, President Trump made more than campaign promises. Let’s see how he did: 280 (, June 16, 2015) “I will build a great, great wall on our southern border …” speech While Trump so far has built of walls along the 1,984-mile border, much of this replaces previous barriers that were dilapidated or blocked only vehicles. 307 miles “… and I will have Mexico pay for that wall.” Mexico is not paying for it. The new wall is costing about and will be expensive to maintain, for human smugglers have the wall with cordless saws. $30 million per mile cut open $50 ” (, July 29, 2015) “We will find them [all undocumented immigrants], we will get them out. CNN interview Trump deported about undocumented immigrants in his first three years in office, but most were trying to get into the country, not already living here. He never tried to remove all undocumented immigrants. He did unleash a reign of terror directed at migrants, including separating young children from family members, and that may be one reason the total number of undocumented immigrants fell slightly. Still, Trump actually deported fewer people in his first three years than Barack Obama had — a comparison neither man will appreciate. 750,000 (, July 21, 2016) “We will also be a country of law and order. … The crime and violence that today afflicts our nation will soon, and I mean very soon, come to an end. Beginning on Jan. 20 of 2017, safety will be restored.” speech Trump himself implicitly acknowledges that he has failed to create law and order, saying, “There is violence and danger in the streets” (, Aug. 27, 2020). Periodically, he incites that violence. speech (, July 21, 2016) “The most basic duty of government is to defend the lives of its own citizens. Any government that fails to do so is a government unworthy to lead.” speech The United States has lost more than 185,000 people to the coronavirus pandemic. On a per-capita basis, that’s more than as Canada and five times as many as Germany. America has 4 percent of the world’s population and 22 percent of the world’s confirmed Covid-19 deaths. twice as many (, July 21, 2016) “We’re going to work with all of our students who are drowning in debt to take the pressure off these young people.” speech Trump has to alter the terms of student loan repayments so that students would have to pay an additional $200 billion over a decade. He also attempted the Public Service Loan Forgiveness program. sought to cancel (, July 21, 2016) “We will repeal and replace disastrous Obamacare.” speech Trump has not succeeded in repealing the Affordable Care Act, although he is still pursuing a lawsuit that would overturn it. He has never explained what would replace it. (, July 27, 2018) “You’re going to have great health care at a much lower price. It will cost the United States nothing.” remarks Partly because of Trump’s assaults on the Affordable Care Act, the number of uninsured people in the United States for the first time in a decade. An additional are without insurance. has risen 400,000 children (, June 16, 2015) “I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created.” speech Job creation continued during the Trump administration at roughly the same rate as in the Obama administration, but the pandemic ended that. There are now almost fewer Americans with jobs than when Trump took office. In raw numbers, this is the worst jobs record of any modern president. five million (, Oct. 17, 2016) “It is time to drain the swamp in Washington, D.C. This is why I’m proposing a package of ethics reforms to make our government honest once again.” remarks of Trump’s associates have been charged with or convicted of crimes. Nonpartisan ethics watchdogs have repeatedly accused Trump and members of his administration and his family of serious ethics violations, and the Manhattan district attorney last month that he was investigating Trump and his company for “possibly extensive and protracted criminal conduct.” Eight suggested (, March 20, 2016) “I’m going to put in … great conservative judges.” remarks Trump has appointed conservative (and young) judges across the federal bench, and this will be a major element of his legacy. He was helped by the Senate majority leader, Mitch McConnell, who blocked Obama from filling vacancies; Trump thus inherited an unusually large number of positions to fill. (, July 21, 2016) “We will honor the American people with the truth, and nothing else.” speech Trump has made more than 20,000 false or misleading statements since assuming office, by of The Washington Post. the count (, July 21, 2016) “We will build the roads, highways, bridges, tunnels, airports and the railways of tomorrow.” remarks Trump never tried to pass an infrastructure bill. (, Sept. 27, 2017) “We’re going to cut taxes for the middle class. … We will ensure that the benefits are focused on the middle class, the working men and women, not the highest-income earners.” speech Trump did pass a tax cut, but it was focused on the wealthy. The nonpartisan Tax Policy Center that for the 2018 tax year, 20 percent of the benefits would go to the top 1 percent, and that by 2027, 82 percent of the benefits would go to the top 1 percent. estimated (, March 31, 2016) “We’ve got to get rid of the $19 trillion in debt. … I could do it fairly quickly … over a period of eight years.” interview The debt has surged and may soon be larger than the American economy for the first time . That’s partly because of his tax cut for the wealthy and partly because of Covid-19. since 1946 (, Oct. 15, 2016) “We will end our chronic trade deficits.” remarks The is than it was in Obama’s in office. trade deficit larger now last year (, July 21, 2016) “We will completely rebuild our depleted military. … We will take care of our great veterans.” speech Trump has increased the military budget, although he has also military funds for his wall. He a program signed into law by Obama for veterans to choose private doctors, while reportedly scorning those who died in wars as and trying to keep amputees from participating in a military parade. taken expanded “suckers” (, July 21, 2016) “We are going to defeat the barbarians of ISIS.” speech The United States did overthrow the caliphate of the Islamic State — a process begun under Obama. But ISIS continues to operate at a reduced level. (, May 3, 2017) “We want to create peace between Israel and the Palestinians. We will get it done.” remarks Peace between Israel and the Palestinians is as elusive as ever. However, Arab states such as the United Arab Emirates have warmed to Israel. (, June 16, 2015) “Nobody will be pushing us around.” speech The obvious exception is Russia, which interfered in the 2016 presidential election and now appears to be interfering in the 2020 election as well. Russia has injured American troops in Syria, and it is said to have paid bounties to Afghan militants for killing American troops. (, Feb. 4, 2020) “Unlike so many who came before me, I keep my promises.” speech Well, no. The Times is committed to publishing a diversity of letters to the editor. We’d like to hear what you think about this or any of our articles. Here are some tips . And here’s our email: letters@nytimes.com . Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions