 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Politics Today’s Paper Election Updates Paths to 270 Voting by Mail Key Dates Politics Newsletter Supported by Continue reading the main story U.S. Politics Election 2020 Democratic Polls Presidential Candidates Democratic Debates Highlights Photo Anna Moneymaker for The New York Times Credit How Trump’s Billion-Dollar Campaign Lost Its Cash Advantage Five months ago, President Trump’s re-election campaign had a huge financial edge over Joseph R. Biden Jr.’s. The Times conducted an extensive review of how the Trump team spent lavishly to show how that advantage evaporated. By and Shane Goldmacher Maggie Haberman Photo Taylor Glascock for The New York Times Credit Pence and Harris Vie for Wisconsin as Trump Vents From the White House The unofficial Labor Day kickoff to the fall campaign centered on Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, two pivotal states for both the president and Joseph R. Biden Jr. By and Jonathan Martin Alexander Burns Photo Mark Makela for The New York Times Credit In Year of Voting by Mail, a Scramble to Beef Up In-Person Voting, Too Communities are running short on time to hire poll workers and reconfigure in-person voting to make it safe during a pandemic. By and Nick Corasaniti Michael Wines Photo Kenny Holston for The New York Times Credit What to Watch For as Harris and Pence Visit Wisconsin on Labor Day The vice-presidential candidates will be on opposite ends of Wisconsin, a battleground that is increasingly essential to President Trump in November. By Jonathan Martin Advertisement Continue reading the main story Latest Search Search Clear this text input Pence and Harris Vie for Wisconsin as Trump Vents From the White House The unofficial Labor Day kickoff to the fall campaign centered on Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, two pivotal states for both the president and Joseph R. Biden Jr. By Jonathan Martin Alexander Burns and How Trump’s Billion-Dollar Campaign Lost Its Cash Advantage Five months ago, President Trump’s re-election campaign had a huge financial edge over Joseph R. Biden Jr.’s. The Times conducted an extensive review of how the Trump team spent lavishly to show how that advantage evaporated. By Shane Goldmacher Maggie Haberman and Times Video Trump ‘Undermining Public Confidence,’ on Vaccine, Biden Says Joseph R. Biden Jr., the Democratic nominee for president, pushed for full transparency on a vaccine for the coronavirus and said that President Trump’s approach was unhelpful. By The Associated Press In Year of Voting by Mail, a Scramble to Beef Up In-Person Voting, Too Communities are running short on time to hire poll workers and reconfigure in-person voting to make it safe during a pandemic. By Nick Corasaniti Michael Wines and What to Watch For as Harris and Pence Visit Wisconsin on Labor Day The vice-presidential candidates will be on opposite ends of Wisconsin, a battleground that is increasingly essential to President Trump in November. By Jonathan Martin News Analysis More Than Ever, Trump Casts Himself as the Defender of White America Presenting himself as a warrior against identity politics, the president has increasingly made appeals to the grievances of white supporters a centerpiece of his re-election campaign. By Peter Baker Michael Cohen’s Book Says Trump Held ‘Low Opinions of All Black Folks’ The president’s former fixer describes him as a mob boss figure who made racist insults, was driven by hatred for President Barack Obama and engaged in underhanded tactics against opponents. By Maggie Haberman DeJoy Pressured Workers to Donate to G.O.P. Candidates, Former Employees Say Former employees at New Breed Logistics say they were expected to donate to candidates whom their executive, Louis DeJoy, was supporting, and would be rewarded through yearly bonuses. By Catie Edmondson, Jessica Silver-Greenberg Luke Broadwater and The Long Run Joe Biden’s China Journey As a United States senator, he spoke of transforming China through trade. As a presidential candidate two decades later, he denounces it as a “dictatorship.” By Edward Wong, Michael Crowley Ana Swanson and China Freezes Credentials for Journalists at U.S. Outlets, Hinting at Expulsions CNN, The Wall Street Journal, Bloomberg News and Getty Images are affected. Chinese officials told journalists, who can still work, that their fate depends on what the United States does to Chinese media employees. By Edward Wong 阅读简体中文版 閱讀繁體中文版 Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story The On Politics Newsletter A daily newsletter exploring the people, issues and ideas reshaping our political world. SIGN UP Advertisement Continue reading the main story Follow Us nytpolitics twitter page for nytpolitics nytpolitics facebook page for nytpolitics Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions