 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Real Estate Today’s Paper Advertisement Continue reading the main story Supported by Continue reading the main story Real Estate The High End Find A Home Buy Rent Mortgage Calculator Your Real Estate List A Home Highlights Photo Rob Dobi Credit As Some New Yorkers Flee, Others Move Closer to the Office For workers who are required to be on-site, fear of public transportation has spurred a wave of demand for homes within walking distance of their jobs. By Joyce Cohen Photo September Dawn Bottoms/The New York Times Credit big ticket The Manhattan Home of an Iranian Princess Finally Sells The seven-story brick and limestone mansion at 29 Beekman Place was bought by a real estate company for $11.5 million, a fraction of its original asking price. By Vivian Marino Photo Josh Ritchie for The New York Times Credit Florida Attracts More Northerners Since the beginning of the pandemic, home sales in parts of the Sunshine State have more than doubled. By Marcelle Sussman Fischler Photo Hilary Swift for The New York Times Credit The Hunt They Wanted Some Private Outdoor Space in Williamsburg. But Where Is the Best Place to Find It? For their first purchase together, a couple searched their old Brooklyn neighborhood for a little fresh air — and maybe a second bedroom. Which of these options would you choose? By Joyce Cohen Photo Brittainy Newman for The New York Times Credit They’re Stuck at Home, So They’re Making Home a Sanctuary With few places to go or reasons to spend, those lucky enough to be employed remotely are upgrading their surroundings. The impulse comes with guilt. By and Maria Cramer Aimee Ortiz On the Market Photo Katherine Marks for The New York Times Credit Homes for Sale in Brooklyn, Queens and Manhattan This week’s properties are in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Woodside and Kips Bay. By Stefanos Chen On the Market Photo Tony Cenicola/The New York Times Credit Homes for Sale in New York and New Jersey This week’s properties are five-bedroom homes in Cranbury, N.J., and New Rochelle, N.Y. By and Jill P. Capuzzo Anne Mancuso IN THE GARDEN Photo Margaret Roach Credit With Summer Nearly Over, It’s Time to Think About Houseplants Here’s our best advice on what to buy and how to care for it during the hunker-down season ahead. (Hint: Ignore social media.) By Margaret Roach Guide Photo Yasu + Junko Credit How to Create a Serene Home Home should be relaxing, calming, an oasis. We’ll help you get there. By Tim McKeough Calculator Photo Credit What’s With All the No-Fee Apartments in New York City? As rents fall and vacancies climb, the fees charged by brokers are being waived more often. By Michael Kolomatsky Photo Jim Wilson/The New York Times Credit Why an Eviction Ban Alone Won’t Prevent a Housing Crisis Renters receive more relief, but there’s a looming problem for landlords, especially those who own just a few properties. By Emily Badger International real estate Photo Cular Estates Ltd. Credit House Hunting on Cyprus: Your Own Little Water Park for $3.3 Million The island nation has avoided the worst of the coronavirus pandemic, but its housing market may stagnate until tourists return. By Alison Gregor What you Get Photo Hommati #145 Credit $260,000 Homes in Ohio, Maine and Colorado A circa-1900 cottage in Columbus, a Second Empire-style house in Calais and a two-bedroom condominium in Denver. By Julie Lasky Living in Photo Hiroko Masuike/The New York Times Credit TriBeCa: Cobblestone Streets and Multimillion-Dollar Homes Neighborhood residents call it Triburbia, for its resemblance to a close-knit suburb in the city — but one that few can afford. By Aileen Jacobson Advertisement Continue reading the main story Ask Real Estate More in Ask Real Estate » Photo Nadia Pillon Credit When Did the Suburbs Get so LOUD? Several municipalities around New York have urged homeowners to limit the use of noisy landscaping equipment because their neighbors are home during the pandemic. By Ronda Kaysen Photo Nadia Pillon Credit Deciding Who Gets to Live in the Family Home During a Divorce A long-term plan for separate lives is the wisest choice for all parties. By Ronda Kaysen Photo Nadia Pillon Credit I’ve Been Away From My Apartment for Months. What Happens Now? Courts have long held that tenants can stay away from their apartments for extended periods because of health reasons. But don’t neglect your home. By Ronda Kaysen Photo Nadia Pillon Credit Can Co-ops Fine Residents for Not Wearing Masks? Some buildings are playing hardball when it comes to enforcing pandemic rules. But how much power do they really have? By Ronda Kaysen Photo Nadia Pillon Credit It’s Neighbor vs. Neighbor in a Co-op. Who Wins? Co-op boards do not like to get in the middle of resident disputes. But if one shareholder is tormenting another, the issue must be addressed. By Ronda Kaysen Living In More in Living In » Photo Karsten Moran for The New York Times Credit Greenwood Heights, Brooklyn: Open Space and Room to Breathe The neighborhood around the Green-Wood Cemetery is known for being ‘spacious and airy’ — an appealing quality in the age of coronavirus. By Andrew Cotto Photo Lauren Lancaster for The New York Times Credit Litchfield, Conn.: Old-Fashioned and Pastoral Prices are up in this rural town, where “the Covid stampede has gobbled up a lot of inventory.” By C. J. Hughes Photo Tony Cenicola/The New York Times Credit Mahopac, N.Y.: A ‘Bedroom Community’ With an Elegant Past If living in the Putnam County hamlet feels like being on vacation, that’s no accident: It was developed in the 19th century as a summer resort. By Susan Hodara Photo Laura Moss for The New York Times Credit Holmdel, N.J.: A Friendly Community ‘Full of Peace and Quiet’ With plenty of open space, the Monmouth County township is attracting city buyers — and inventory is at ‘a record low.’ By Jill P. Capuzzo Advertisement Continue reading the main story Featured Properties Advertisement Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story Featured Properties Advertisement Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story Latest Search Search Clear this text input What you Get $430,000 Homes in California A three-bedroom condo in La Quinta, a one-bedroom condo in Marin County and a remodeled ranch house in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada mountains. By Angela Serratore What You Get for $430,000 in California A three-bedroom condo in La Quinta, a one-bedroom condo in Marin County and a remodeled ranch house in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada mountains. Shopping Guide Shopping for Compact Lounge Chairs Because a lounge chair doesn’t have to be huge to be comfortable or good-looking. By Tim McKeough What’s selling now Homes That Sold for Around $575,000 Recent residential sales in New York City and the region. By C. J. Hughes Gene Norman, Who Helped Landmark Broadway Theaters, Dies at 85 As chairman of New York’s preservation commission, he also oversaw the preservation of St. Bartholomew’s Church, the Coney Island Cyclone and Ladies’ Mile. By Sam Roberts On the Market in the New York Region This week’s properties are five-bedroom homes in Cranbury, N.J., and New Rochelle, N.Y. On the Market in New York City This week’s properties are in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Woodside and Kips Bay. What to Do if a Bat Gets in Your House “Bats are like people: They panic and can’t calm down,” a researcher said. Here’s how you can help safely evict your unexpected visitor. By Christopher Mele Sea Views From Your Pool on the Coast of Cyprus This five-bedroom hilltop villa on the southwest coast of Cyprus, with panoramic views of the Mediterranean Sea, is on the market for $3.9 million. What You Get for $260,000 A circa-1900 cottage in Columbus, a Second Empire-style house in Calais and a two-bedroom condominium in Denver. Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions