 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Science Today’s Paper Supported by Continue reading the main story Science Climate Space & Cosmos Health Trilobites Sciencetake Out There Coronavirus Outbreak Highlights Photo Anniek Stokkermans/Embl Credit Trilobites When These Sea Anemones Eat, It Goes Straight to Their Arms They’re the first animals known to turn food into extra limbs. By Cara Giaimo Photo Connie Allen Credit Trilobites Old Male Elephants: Don’t Count Them Out New research challenges the assumption that bulls become redundant in elephant society after breeding. By Rachel Nuwer Photo Dave Hunt/Alamy Credit Trilobites How a Praying Mantis Says ‘Boo!’ A study of startle displays hints at why provoked creatures have such a wide range of reactions. By Cara Giaimo Photo Credit Trilobites Up Is Down in This Fun Physics Experiment The liquid levitates, and a boat floats along its bottom side. By Kenneth Chang Photo Myo Min Win/WCS Myanmar Credit A Turtle With a Permanent Smile Was Brought Back From Near Extinction Scientists have rebuilt the population of Burmese roofed turtles to nearly 1,000 individuals and counting. By Rachel Nuwer Out There Photo Credit These Black Holes Shouldn’t Exist, but There They Are On the far side of the universe, a collision of dark giants sheds light on an invisible process of cosmic growth. By Dennis Overbye Trilobites Photo Fabrice Coffrini/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Credit Melting Glaciers Are Filling Unstable Lakes. And They’re Growing. A census of the world’s glacial lakes shows there are more than there used to be, and their water volume is growing. By Katherine Kornei Photo Kayana Szymczak for The New York Times Credit These Scientists Are Giving Themselves D.I.Y. Coronavirus Vaccines Impatient for a coronavirus vaccine, dozens of scientists around the world are giving themselves — and sometimes, friends and family — their own unproven versions. By Heather Murphy Profiles in Science Photo Calla Kessler for The New York Times Credit Myriam Sarachik Never Gave Up on Physics The New York-based scientist overcame sexism and personal tragedy to make major contributions to the field, for which she received recognition this year. By Kenneth Chang Advertisement Continue reading the main story Trilobites More in Trilobites » Photo Anang Dianto Credit Singing Dogs Re-emerge From Extinction for Another Tune The animal was believed to have disappeared from the highlands of New Guinea, but was found on the island’s Indonesian side. By James Gorman Photo Witold Skrypczak/Alamy Credit Did Something Burp? It Was an Earthquake Years of observations in central Italy show that more carbon dioxide percolates through Earth’s crust during periods of strong seismic activity. By Katherine Kornei Photo Martin Kundrát Credit Fossil Reveals ‘One of the Cutest Dinosaurs’ Ever Found While many fossils have been flattened by time and the elements, a titanosaur found in an egg was preserved in three dimensions. By Lucas Joel Photo Crystal Shin Credit 250 Million Years Ago, They Hibernated at the Bottom of the World In the tusks of creatures that lived before dinosaurs, paleontologists found signs of hibernation-like metabolism. By Kenneth Chang Photo Leonardi Lab Credit You Can’t Escape Lice, Even 6,500 Feet Below the Ocean A species of insect tags along with elephant seals as they spend months at sea, enduring the crushing pressure changes of the mammals’ dives. By Priyanka Runwal Latest Search Search Clear this text input For Long-Haulers, Covid-19 Takes a Toll on Mind as Well as Body “It makes you depressed, anxious that it’s never going to go away.” By Emma Goldberg Covid-19 Live Updates: Parties and Pushback Threaten College Reopenings Used cars have become a hot commodity. Across the United States, states and cities are planning fiscal maneuvers in case Congress can’t agree on a fiscal relief package after the August recess. Israel Dispatch Aided by Modern Ingenuity, a Taste of Ancient Judean Dates The harvest of the much-extolled but long-lost Judean dates was something of a scientific miracle. The fruit sprouted from seeds 2,000 years old. By Isabel Kershner New York Will Test the Dead More Often for Coronavirus and Flu New regulations require a ramp-up in testing for patients with symptoms, as well as people who weren’t tested before they died. By Katherine J. Wu In Sign of Progress, Fewer Than 1% of New York’s Virus Tests Are Positive The state’s share of positive tests has stayed below 1 percent for 30 straight days, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said, though he urged caution amid Labor Day celebrations. India surpassed Brazil to become the country with the second-highest number of cases. Daily Coronavirus Testing at Home? Many Experts Are Skeptical The buzzy idea is impractical, critics said. And there isn’t yet real-world data to show it will work. By Katherine J. Wu ‘Dwarf Pride’ Was Hard Won. Will a Growth Drug Undermine It? An experimental medication that increases height in children with the most common form of dwarfism has raised hope that it can help them lead easier lives. But some say the condition is not a problem in need of a cure. By Serena Solomon Northeastern University Dismisses 11 Students for Breaking Virus Rules but Keeps Their Tuition The U.N. warns of looming famines connected to the pandemic. Melbourne, Australia’s second-biggest city, has extended its lockdown by two weeks. Pharma Companies Plan Joint Pledge on Vaccine Safety The statement is meant to reassure the public that the companies will not seek a premature approval of vaccines under pressure from the Trump administration. By Katie Thomas, Noah Weiland Sharon LaFraniere and California Is Dangerously Hot This Weekend Temperature records were set in parts of the Western United States. They might be followed by wind that could worsen fires in California, or storms that could bring snow in Colorado. By Jacey Fortin Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Science Times Newsletter Every week, we'll bring you stories that capture the wonders of the human body, nature and the cosmos. SIGN UP Advertisement Continue reading the main story Follow Us NYTimesScience facebook page for NYTimesScience @NYTScience twitter page for @NYTScience Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions