 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Sports Today’s Paper Supported by Continue reading the main story Sports Baseball N.F.L. College Football N.B.A. College Basketball Hockey Soccer Golf Tennis Scoreboards M.L.B N.F.L. College Football N.B.A. W.N.B.A N.C.A.A N.H.L Golf Tennis Highlights Photo Jason Szenes/EPA, via Shutterstock Credit on tennis Djokovic Sorry for Outburst, but His Drama Is Often Self-Inflicted Even before he hit the errant ball that got him disqualified from the U.S. Open, Djokovic was creating frustration beyond the tennis court. By Christopher Clarey Photo Adam Hagy/USA Today Sports, via Reuters Credit Dustin Johnson Completes Long Climb to Win FedEx Cup Johnson was a long shot when the season resumed in June but took the playoff’s $15 million prize after winning the Tour Championship, the pinnacle of his mighty summer run. By The Associated Press Photo Doug Mills/The New York Times Credit 2020 N.F.L. Season Preview It’s Patrick Mahomes’s N.F.L., but Let’s Preview All 32 Teams Anyway Mahomes and Lamar Jackson headline an exciting new era of the N.F.L., which is on track for an on-time return to the field, just as planned. By Benjamin Hoffman Photo Frank Franklin Ii/Associated Press Credit With Novak Djokovic Out, the U.S. Open Peeks at Tennis’s Future Parity and some missing star power from Djokovic, Roger Federer, Rafael Nadal and Andy Murray. A wide open women’s game beyond Serena Williams. This is where tennis is going. By Matthew Futterman on pro basketball Photo Mark J. Terrill/Associated Press Credit Lakers’ ‘Others’ Lend LeBron James a Hand Rajon Rondo and Markieff Morris gave the Lakers an unexpected lift Sunday in the team’s 117-109 victory over the Houston Rockets to even the Western Conference semifinal matchup heading into Game 3. By Scott Cacciola Photo Al Bello/Getty Images Credit Novak Djokovic Out of U.S. Open After Accidental Hit of Line Judge Djokovic was disqualified after a lengthy discussion with officials in the latest recent misadventure for the top men’s player in tennis. By Christopher Clarey Photo Jason Szenes/EPA, via Shutterstock Credit Why Was Novak Djokovic Disqualified From the U.S. Open? The rules on the books are not well-known to some tennis fans. By Ben Rothenberg Photo Calla Kessler for The New York Times Credit With Fans Barred From the U.S. Open, One Gets as Close as He Can Giovanni Bartocci has had a 2020-type year, including enduring a fire that closed down his East Village restaurant, but he is still there to cheer the tennis player Matteo Berrettini. By David Waldstein Photo Seth Wenig/Associated Press Credit Jennifer Brady Went to College, Then Germany to Get Better at Tennis She won the first women’s tournament back after the pandemic hiatus. And she has dominated opponents at the U.S. Open, reaching the quarterfinals without losing a set. By Ben Rothenberg Photo Associated Press Credit Lou Brock, Baseball Hall of Famer Known for Stealing Bases, Dies at 81 The son of sharecroppers, Brock attended a one-room schoolhouse, but was inspired by possibilities beyond the poverty and segregation of the rural South. By Richard Goldstein on pro basketball Photo Chris Szagola/Associated Press Credit Ben Simmons and Joel Embiid Are Stuck Between Star and Superstar The Philadelphia 76ers, and their fans, are still waiting for their franchise stars to become the kinds of players, and leaders, who can win championships. By Sopan Deb Photo Bruce Bennett/Getty Images Credit N.H.L. Conference Finals Begin After Hectic Second Round Three teams won Game 7s to advance. Dallas and Vegas start the action with Game 1 on Sunday night in Edmonton, Alberta. By Andrew Knoll Photo Seth Wenig/Associated Press Credit Ashe Stadium Again Turns Into an Arena of the Absurd The stadium has been home to thrilling tennis moments, but also to strange and unusual ones. By Matthew Futterman Under the Radar Photo Phelan M. Ebenhack/Associated Press Credit The Best Part of Layshia Clarendon’s Game? ‘Fearlessness’ “It doesn’t matter if I get blocked — I’m going to go right back in the paint again,” the Liberty guard said. They bring that same tenacity to their role on the W.N.B.A. union’s executive committee. By Danielle Allentuck Advertisement Continue reading the main story U.S. Open More in U.S. Open » Photo Seth Wenig/Associated Press Credit With No Crowd, Serena Williams Rallies Herself to Reach U.S. Open Quarterfinals Her win over Maria Sakkari was her 100th at Arthur Ashe Stadium, the most of any player. By Ben Rothenberg Photo Jason Szenes/EPA, via Shutterstock Credit Listen Closely, and You Will Hear Coaching During U.S. Open Matches When an umpire called out Serena Williams over coaching in the 2018 U.S. Open final, it erupted into a scene. This year, with no fans in the seats, there is chatter galore between coaches and players, even though it breaks the rules. By Matthew Futterman Photo Jason Szenes/EPA, via Shutterstock Credit How, and When, to Watch the U.S. Open Tennis has returned. Here’s what to expect for the rest of the month. By Max Gendler Photo Jason Szenes/EPA, via Shutterstock Credit 2020 U.S. Open: What to Watch on Sunday Naomi Osaka and Novak Djokovic lead the singles fields into the round of 16 at the United States Open. Also Sunday, the doubles fields begin their quarterfinal matchups. By Max Gendler Photo Jason Szenes/EPA, via Shutterstock Credit Serena Williams Beats Sloane Stephens at U.S. Open Williams, the No. 3 seed, won after dropping the first set to Stephens. By Christopher Clarey Latest Search Search Clear this text input Chess (Yes, Chess) Is Now a Streaming Obsession Viewers are flocking to games during the pandemic, entranced by a charismatic grandmaster and his lightning-fast play. By Kellen Browning Times Insider The Friendship of Elena and Tom It’s rare that someone meets her favorite ballplayer. It’s even rarer that he becomes a fan of hers. By Vincent M. Mallozzi 2020 U.S. Open: What to Watch on Monday The United States Open continues with its Labor Day lineup, as Serena Williams and Sofia Kenin headline the day. By Max Gendler Heat Lead Series, 3-1 Short-Handed Bucks Hold Off Heat to Force Game 5 They won behind Khris Middleton’s 36 points and without Giannis Antetokounmpo, who left the game in the second quarter with an aggravation of his sprained right ankle. By The Associated Press Islanders Defeat Flyers and Head to Conference Finals for First Time Since 1993 The Islanders shut out the Flyers, 4-0, in Game 7 of their playoff series and now face the Tampa Bay Lightning to decide who goes to the Stanley Cup finals. By Curtis Rush The U.S. Open Descends Into Pandemic Precaution Chaos Yet another change in rules for players who were exposed to a player who tested positive for coronavirus caused the top women’s doubles team to be defaulted. By Matthew Futterman Ben Rothenberg and Authentic Wins the Kentucky Derby, Run Without Fans The race in Louisville ran with a smaller field than usual, no spectators and in spite of nearby protests over the police killing of Breonna Taylor in the city earlier this year. By Joe Drape After Cancer Treatment, Oskar Lindblom Is Back in the Fray Lindblom, 24, suited up for the Philadelphia Flyers for the first time since December on Thursday in a postseason elimination game and could play in Game 7 on Saturday. By Andrew Knoll The First Saturday in ... September The Kentucky Derby, the oldest continuously held sporting event in the U.S., will be run without fans for the first time. Here’s what you need to know. By Melissa Hoppert Joe Drape and on pro basketball With Bucks Facing Elimination, Uncertainty Grows Around Giannis Antetokounmpo For the second consecutive year, the Bucks entered the playoffs with the league’s best regular-season record. Down 3-0 against the Miami Heat, questions are swirling around the future of the team and its superstar. By Scott Cacciola Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Marc Stein on the N.B.A. He has covered Jordan. He's covered Kobe. And LeBron vs. the Warriors. Go behind the N.B.A.'s curtain with the league's foremost expert in a new basketball newsletter. SIGN UP Advertisement Continue reading the main story Follow Us NYTSports twitter page for NYTSports Sign Up for the Sports Newsletter Get the big sports news, highlights and analysis from Times journalists, with distinctive takes on games and some behind-the-scenes surprises, delivered to your inbox every week. SIGN UP Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions