 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Style Today’s Paper Advertisement Continue reading the main story Supported by Continue reading the main story Style "For the future is like heaven — everyone exalts it but no one wants to go there now." "For the future is like heaven — everyone exalts it but no one wants to go there now." Fashion Love Self-Care Highlights Photo Credit Wedding Album Readers Share Their Best Unexpected Wedding Photos A selection of cherished, unplanned and unscripted, wedding moments submitted by our readers. By Charanna Alexander Photo via @notdonelij Credit Are Influencers Responsible for the Behavior of Their Followers? Fan armies are harassing gay and trans people on TikTok. By Taylor Lorenz Photo Cayce Clifford for The New York Times Credit With … Reed Hastings Had Us All Staying Home Before We Had To Netflix started with sending DVDs — remember them? — through the mail, but now the streaming pioneer sits atop a Hollywood it has thoroughly upended. By Maureen Dowd Photo Illustration by Matija Medved Credit Love Letter: The Last Full Moon of Summer Plus: The Modern Love column is again accepting submissions. By Miya Lee vows Photo Lyndon French for The New York Times Credit When the Story Line Is This Easy, You Just Know Monica Clark, a lawyer who penned a novel about love without “struggle,” found that her real life love story with Will Jones, a TV reporter in Chicago, followed suit. By Claire Zulkey mini-vows Photo Dave Robbins Credit Hand in Hand in Central Park David Guggenheim and Michael Bosworth hit it off right away, but their dogs needed a little more time. Long walks in the early morning helped all of them bond. By Rosalie R. Radomsky mini-vows Photo Richard Jopson Credit You Know That Apartment Next Door? Gopal Narsimhamurthy was so certain he and Megha Jain were meant to be together that he traveled 3,000 miles one way for dates and bought a place adjoining hers. By Vincent M. Mallozzi mini-vows Photo Monica Perales Credit From Long-Distance Running to Long-Distance Love Anthony Tran and Sean Theriault, who met while training for the Boston Marathon in 2002, haven’t stopped running together since. By Gabe Cohn mini-vows Photo Emma Cleary Photo and Video Credit Taking Their Love From AIM to IRL During high school, Kaitlyn O’Hagan and Rohaan Menon would message each other late into the night, but it would be eight more years before they fell in love. By Emma Grillo Advertisement Continue reading the main story Love More in Love » Photo Lyndon French for The New York Times Credit When the Story Line Is This Easy, You Just Know Monica Clark, a lawyer who penned a novel about love without “struggle,” found that her real life love story with Will Jones, a TV reporter in Chicago, followed suit. By Claire Zulkey Photo Rebecca Toh for The New York Times Credit Someone to Always Spill the Tea With Jessica Hanser struck up a conversation with James Atkinson a couple of years ago at London’s British Library, and the two haven’t stopped talking since. By Linda Marx Photo Stephanie Sunderland Credit An Insta-Perfect Wedding With Strings Attached For social media influencers, thousands of followers can buy you a virtually free wedding. But partnering with vendors in exchange for exposure can turn your wedding into work. By Maggie Parker Photo Ash Adams for The New York Times Credit You, Me and 53 Dogs Liz Raines met Matthew Failor, a champion dog sledder, just before the start of the 2018 Iditarod race in Alaska, where she was on assignment as a TV reporter. By Tammy La Gorce Photo Credit Wedding Presents That Will Turn Any House Into a Home Industry experts share their favorite gifts that are sure to warm any couple’s hearts and home. By Ivy Manners Advertisement Continue reading the main story Designer DIY More in Designer DIY » Photo Credit Rick Owens Stitches a Souvenir In the latest installment of our Designer D.I.Y. series, the designer embroiders a lover’s hankie. By and Guy Trebay Samantha Hahn Photo via Irene Neuwirth Credit Irene Neuwirth Makes a Flower Necklace Out of Paper The Los Angeles jeweler goes outside the box for her latest creation, part of our Designer D.I.Y. series. By Jessica Testa Photo Credit How to Make a Dish Towel Tote Bag, With Rodarte Laura and Kate Mulleavy show us how to turn kitchen towels and costume jewelry into a carry-all. By and Vanessa Friedman Samantha Hahn Photo Charlie Engman Credit How to Turn Vegetables Into a Tie-Dye Pattern In the latest installment of our Designer D.I.Y. at Home series, Hillary Taymour, the creative director of Collina Strada, offers a creative use for excess beets. By and Jessica Testa Charlie Engman Photo Credit Emily Bode on How to Make a ‘Sweetheart’ T-Shirt The latest installment of our Designer D.I.Y. at Home series teaches you how to whip up a present for the significant other you may not have seen for a while. By and Guy Trebay Samantha Hahn Skin Deep More in Skin Deep » Photo Credit What It Means to Be a Gen Z Beauty Brand Today A decade ago, your lipstick brand wasn’t expected to comment on social justice. Now, customers demand it, especially the teens and adults under 25 that make up Gen Z. By Rachel Strugatz Photo Sophia Yeshi Credit The New Nose: Is the Bump Back? The cookie-cutter ski jump nose is a relic now, as cosmetic doctors approach rhinoplasties with a more artistic, individualized approach. By Tatiana Boncompagni Photo Anjelica Roselyn Credit R.I.P. Clarisonic Once it was everyone’s favorite new thing, but it turns out that washing your face with an oscillating brush is not a good idea. By Courtney Rubin Photo Credit Can Unsexy Beauty Be Sexy? A new guard of beauty brands is using slick packaging and candid messaging to sell products women were once embarrassed to buy. By Rachel Strugatz Photo via Nick Barose Credit Makeup and the Mask. It’s About the Eyes. Some pros share their tips for doing your makeup while masking. By Crystal Martin Advertisement Continue reading the main story Self-Care More in Self-Care » Photo Erik Carter for The New York Times Credit The Black Book Club Takes It to the Next Level Noname and other Black thought leaders have taken what Oprah built and made something new. By Iman Stevenson Photo Credit Self-Care for Black Journalists In a news cycle filled with tragedy, much of it disproportionately affecting people of color, Black reporters and editors are reimagining coping strategies. By Patrice Peck Photo Tony Cenicola/The New York Times Credit These Hand Sanitizers Smell Good, Kill Germs Now that hand sanitizers have become an accessory of the new normal, upscale brands are introducing their own portable cleansers. By Rachel Felder Photo Rose Wong Credit Shed Your Quarantine Skin (and Hair and Nails), Safely If you venture out for a treatment or trim, you might encounter plexiglass barriers, tons of cleaning supplies, fewer clients at a time and higher prices. By Katherine Cusumano Photo Credit Can Unsexy Beauty Be Sexy? A new guard of beauty brands is using slick packaging and candid messaging to sell products women were once embarrassed to buy. By Rachel Strugatz Binge Read Featured Couples More in Binge Read Featured Couples » Photo Illustration by Matija Medved Credit Love Letter: The Last Full Moon of Summer Plus: The Modern Love column is again accepting submissions. By Miya Lee Photo Selcoulth Photography Credit Michelle Wikum, Walker Williams The couple met through Tinder in 2018. By Nina Reyes Photo Alicia Ann Photographers Credit Ayelet Bentley, Samuel Tbeile They met in college and became a couple about a year later while on a Birthright Israel trip. Photo Credit Kathy Su, Eric Schultz The couple met in 2017 through OkCupid and had their first date at a whiskey bar in New York. Photo Jason, Concept Photography Credit Victoria Hammarskjold, George Lemmon III The couple met and began dating as high-school students. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Modern Love More in Modern Love » Photo Brian Rea Credit ‘You Should Break Up With Me’ Life can be fleeting. She wanted to make sure he knew the risks of connection. By Marjorie S. Rosenthal Photo Brian Rea Credit How to Submit a Modern Love Essay We want to hear your stories. By and Daniel Jones Miya Lee Photo Brian Rea Credit Tiny Love Stories: ‘Alarmed to See My Mother Calling’ Modern Love in miniature, featuring reader-submitted stories of no more than 100 words. Photo Brian Rea Credit Tell Us Your Love Story. Just Keep It Really Short. We’re looking for all the emotion that’s fit to print — in no more than 100 words. By and Daniel Jones Miya Lee Photo Brian Rea Credit Will They See Me as a Son, a Daughter or a Stranger? Thirteen years ago, my parents tried to wish away my gender transition. Now, Alzheimer’s threatens to erase their memory of me altogether. By Les Tyler Johnson Consumption: How we buy, exploit and reuse. More in Consumption: How we buy, exploit and reuse. » Photo Lisa Maree Williams for The New York Times Credit What Do Gen Z Shoppers Want? A Cute, Cheap Outfit That Looks Great on Instagram Three young women shoppers in three countries talk about what they buy, where they buy it and why. By , and Elizabeth Paton Taylor Lorenz Isabella Kwai Photo Jessica Pons for The New York Times Credit Fashion Nova’s Secret: Underpaid Workers in Los Angeles Factories The online retailer makes fast fashion for the Instagram elite. The way many of its garments are made is much less glamorous. By Natalie Kitroeff Photo Kemal Jufri for The New York Times Credit Who Made Your Clothes? Garment workers around the world make everything from luxury handbags to fast fashion leggings. Here are some of their stories. By Sanam Yar Photo Fabeha Monir for The New York Times Credit H&M’s Different Kind of Clickbait The Swedish retailer now lets customers know where nearly every garment it sells is made. Is that enough? By and Elizabeth Paton Sapna Maheshwari Photo Vincent Tullo for The New York Times Credit The Future Is Trashion We make too much and buy too much. But maybe there is a way not to waste too much. The ragpicker of Brooklyn has an idea. By Vanessa Friedman Advertisement Continue reading the main story Scam or Not More in Scam or Not » Photo Photo Illustration by The New York Times; Shutterstock (coffee) Credit Is Coffee Good for You? Yes! But it depends on the kind of coffee and the quantity. By Dawn MacKeen Photo Photo Illustration by The New York Times Credit What Is the Keto Diet and Does It Work? Yes. But we don’t know how effective, or for how long. By Dawn MacKeen Photo Photo Illustration by The New York Times; Getty Images Credit What Are the Benefits of Probiotics? Studies suggest that certain probiotics can help in certain contexts. But you will need to do your research. We can help. By Melinda Wenner Moyer Photo Photo Illustration by The New York Times Credit What Is Intermittent Fasting and Does It Really Work? Yes — but fasting offers weight loss similar to any reduction in calories. The best diet is the one where you are healthy, hydrated and living your best life. If fasting works for you, go for it. By Crystal Martin Photo Photo Illustration by The New York Times; Shutterstock Credit Are There Benefits to Collagen Supplements? Maybe! But get ready for a long-term relationship. By Gabriela Ulloa The Office: An Analysis More in The Office: An Analysis » Photo Illustration by Shannon Lin/The New York Times Credit The Office: An In-Depth Analysis of Workplace User Behavior How we love and hate to go to work. By The Styles Desk Photo Illustration by Shannon Lin/The New York Times Credit Young People Are Going to Save Us All From Office Life Gen Z-ers and millennials have been called lazy and entitled. Could they, instead, be among the first to understand the proper role of work in life? By and Claire Cain Miller Sanam Yar Photo Illustration by Shannon Lin/The New York Times Credit Women Poop. Sometimes At Work. Get Over It. Why must the bathroom continue to be fraught? By and Jessica Bennett Amanda McCall Photo Illustration by Shannon Lin/The New York Times Credit The Awkward but Essential Art of Office Chitchat We regret to inform you that you need to make small talk with your co-workers. Here’s how to master it. By Lindsay Mannering Photo Johnathon Kelso for The New York Times Credit They Are What You Eat A visit to the headquarters of your favorite mall foods. By Caity Weaver Advertisement Continue reading the main story Scene City More in Scene City » Photo Dolly Faibyshev for The New York Times Credit Chintz Hospital Gowns and Wildflower Dresses How Christina Lewis, Lela Rose and Bronson Van Wyck are social distancing. By Ruth La Ferla Photo Rebecca Smeyne for The New York Times Credit Chairing a Gala While Stuck in Mustique How Adrienne Arsht, Tonya Lewis Lee and Dee Ocleppo Hilfiger are hunkering down. By Ruth La Ferla Photo Nina Westervelt for The New York Times Credit Sweatpants and No Caviar Dennis Basso, Agnes Hsu-Tang and Athena Calderone are finding solace outside the big city. By Ruth La Ferla Photo Nina Westervelt for The New York Times Credit Virtual Galas and ‘Foodathons’ How Billy Eichner, Lizzie Asher and Andrew Saffir are not partying. By Ruth La Ferla Photo Rebecca Smeyne for The New York Times Credit Zoom Galas and Vlogging How Larry Milstein, Jill Kargman and Nicky Hilton Rothschild are hunkering down. By Ruth La Ferla Latest Search Search Clear this text input Chess (Yes, Chess) Is Now a Streaming Obsession Viewers are flocking to games during the pandemic, entranced by a charismatic grandmaster and his lightning-fast play. By Kellen Browning The World Through a Lens A Nostalgic (if Isolating) Road Trip Along Route 66 Driven by an early fascination with the American West, a photographer set off to travel part of America’s most celebrated highway. By Luke Sharrett Shopping Guide Shopping for Compact Lounge Chairs Because a lounge chair doesn’t have to be huge to be comfortable or good-looking. By Tim McKeough Flock to a Bird Fest or a Country Music Concert This week, meet the feathered residents of the Pacific Northwest, remember the victims of 9/11, rock out to Margo Price and uncover the secrets of asteroids over a meal. By Adriana Balsamo Hilary Moss and At Home Newsletter How to Pass the Time This Weekend Things to watch, eat, read and do as summer comes to a close. By Melissa Kirsch Remember Your Summer With Sun Prints Use those shells, dried flower and other keepsakes to create beautiful white-and-blue prints. By Christy Harmon Benefit From a Fall Routine Your days don’t need to look the same every single day, but recognizing and honoring a schedule brings plenty of mental and physical benefits. By Alexandra E. Petri Are Influencers Responsible for the Behavior of Their Followers? Fan armies are harassing gay and trans people on TikTok. By Taylor Lorenz With … Reed Hastings Had Us All Staying Home Before We Had To Netflix started with sending DVDs — remember them? — through the mail, but now the streaming pioneer sits atop a Hollywood it has thoroughly upended. By Maureen Dowd like a boss The Work Diary of 88rising’s Pan-Cultural Hitmaker Sean Miyashiro used to drive around listening to music, pretending it was off his own label. Now it’s come true. By Leigh-Ann Jackson Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Follow Us NYTimesStyles facebook page for NYTimesStyles NYTStyles twitter page for NYTStyles NYTFashion twitter page for NYTFashion NYTimesFashion instagram page for NYTimesFashion Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions