 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Today’s Paper Advertisement Continue reading the main story Supported by Continue reading the main story Design & Interiors Food Travel Fashion & Beauty Entertainment Art Video Highlights Photo Photo by Patricia Heal. Styled by Martin Bourne Credit Treasured Recipes From Some of Italy’s Fashion Families As we continue to eat mostly at home, these storied designers offer some late-summer culinary inspiration. By Alexa Brazilian Photo Josh Goleman Credit The T List The T List: Five Things We Recommend This Week Elegant needlepoint, makeup inspired by the Met — and more. Photo Jacob Lillis Credit Two By Design For Simone and Max Rocha, Family Has Always Been a Source of Inspiration Though they work in different fields — she in fashion, he in food — the siblings share a passion for craft and collaboration. By Kin Woo Photo © Simon Watson Credit A New Book from a Renowned Photographer of Interiors Throughout his career, Simon Watson has brought his unique eye to crumbling castles, monastic apartments and everything in between. By Jennifer Conrad The Artists Photo Courtesy of Tyler Mitchell Credit A Poignant Portrait of a Childhood Friend A work by Tyler Mitchell speaks to the artist’s desire to expand ideas about Black masculinity. First of Its Kind, Last of Its Kind Photo Fairchild Archive/Penske Media/Shutterstock Credit Jackie O.’s Bag of Choice, Rebranded in Her Name The former first lady owned several versions of the Gucci saddlebag, to which Alessandro Michele has added a few new touches. By Lindsay Talbot Another Thing Photo Federico Ciamei Credit A Sculptural Sofa, Rereleased for the First Time Designed by Mario Bellini, the Camaleonda was a hit when MoMA included it in a landmark 1972 show. By Nancy Hass Photo Heji Shin Credit The Photographer Capturing Unvarnished Truths Heji Shin’s striking, discomfiting work poses an important question for the contemporary age: What do we expect art to do, and does the artist have a responsibility to do it? By Megan O’Grady Photo Photograph by Anthony Cotsifas. Flower design by Emily Thompson. Production by Silka Rittson-Thomas. Set design by Haidee Findlay-Levin. Background image: Roelandt Jacobsz Savery (1576-1639), “Forest With Deer,” circa 1608-10, oil on panel, Saint Louis Art Museum, Missouri, U.S.A./Museum Purchase/Bridgeman Images Credit The Dual History of Poisonous Flowers From ancient times through today, the same blooms used to harm have also proved healing. By Ligaya Mishan In Fashion Photo Photograph by Michael Hauptman. Styled by Sasha Kelly Credit Voluminous Fashions for Dreamy Fall Nights Ruffles, full skirts and Shakespearean sleeves make for evening wear imbued with drama. By and Michael Hauptman Sasha Kelly Watch Report Photo Jennifer Livingston Credit Watch Report: The Inner Workings Skeleton-style timepieces that are by turns sporty and genteel. By Jennifer Livingston Photo David Fernandez Credit A Garden Designed to Run Wild In East Sussex, England, Caroline Kent derives inspiration for her hand-drawn stationery from the exuberant meadow just outside her window. By Flo Wales Bonner The T List Photo Clockwise from left: Evan Sung; Rachael Lombardy (2) Credit The T List: Five Things We Recommend This Week Missy Robbins’s pasta provisions, crushable hats — and more. Photo Credit 15 Creative Women for Our Time Whether in the realm of art or design, food or fashion, these talents have stayed true to themselves and, in doing so, have pushed the boundaries of their respective fields. Advertisement Continue reading the main story T’s Aug. 30 Women’s Fashion Issue More in T’s Aug. 30 Women’s Fashion Issue » Photo Photograph by Harley Weir. Styled by Suzanne Koller Credit The New Power Dressing This season’s surefire uniform? Bold reds, supple leathers, strong shapes and plenty of shine. By and Harley Weir Suzanne Koller Photo Ibrahim Mahama, “Dreams In-Between Dreams, 1909-1972,” 2020 © the artist. Altered image: Dennis Macdonald/Alamy Stock Photo Credit America’s Monuments, Reimagined for a More Just Future With colonialist statues being toppled in America and beyond, T asked five artists to envision a different kind of memorial, one that embodies this moment of reckoning. Photo Stefan Ruiz Credit The Actors With Disabilities Redefining Representation These performers are creating a new template for the artist-as-activist, challenging their industry — and their audiences — to reconsider what inclusion really means. By Mark Harris Photo Photographs by Joshua Kissi. Prop styling by Beth Pakradooni. Digital tech: Faisal Mohammed. Photo assistant: Fela Raymond Credit Today’s Chefs Are Honoring a Vital Tradition: Feeding the Revolution As Americans have taken to the streets demanding racial justice, restaurants and nonprofits have provided meals for them, building upon a long legacy of food as resistance. By Ligaya Mishan Photo Photograph by Oliver Hadlee Pearch. Styled by Marie Chaix Credit Dress Like You’re Ready for Anything This season, sharp shoulders, oversize tailoring and protective padding confer strength. By and Oliver Hadlee Pearch Marie Chaix Latest Search Search Clear this text input The Thing A Cartier Necklace With Opals That Shine Like River Stones The statement-making collar also features diamonds and a standout purplish-pink kunzite. By Nancy Hass A Cozy Cottage on an Island Northeast of Stockholm After years of creating avant-garde retail spaces for Scandinavian fashion brands, a pair of designers has built a deceptively simple home for themselves. By Alice Newell-Hanson Nin Solis and Market Report 10 Pillowy Bags for Fall Whether silk or leather, the season’s best clutches are quilted, tufted and altogether puffed-up. By Mari Maeda Yuji Oboshi and Vibrant Fashions to Brighten One’s Look and Mood Combinations of Slim Aarons-inspired shades, retro stripes and abstract patterns that bestow a sense of freedom. By Max Farago Delphine Danhier and Rethinking Who and What Get Memorialized The notion that history can be rewritten is a powerful one. It starts by taking the pen from the authors we’ve always had — and giving it to someone else. By Hanya Yanagihara The Artists A Portrait of a Man Named Jonathan Erica Deeman’s thoughtful pictures of members of the African diaspora highlight her subjects’ humanity. The 212 The New York Cafe Where Writers Go to Work — and Eat Cake The Hungarian Pastry Shop on Manhattan’s Upper West Side has fed generations of authors and students. By Reggie Nadelson A Longstanding and Most Iconic Motif Is Reimagined Nicolas Ghesquière presents a new, if retro-feeling, take on Louis Vuitton’s signature monogram. By Nick Remsen The T List: Five Things We Recommend This Week A Oaxacan resort, fine jewelry inspired by crudités — and more. In Berlin, a Loft That Is Part Gallery and Part Roller Rink Sascha Dornhöfer and Alexandra Rothert live with and by their art. By Gisela Williams Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story T Magazine on Times Video A front-row seat to T’s best videos: digital house tours from around the world, behind-the-scenes looks at cover shoots and more. Watch in Times Video. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Aug. 30, 2020 Women’s Fashion Spring: Travel Spring: Culture Spring: Design Spring: Men’s Fashion Spring: Women’s Fashion Winter: Holiday Spring: Travel Spring: Culture Spring: Design Spring: Men’s Fashion Spring: Women’s Fashion Winter: Holiday See all past issues Upcoming Issues September 20: Men’s Fashion October 4: Design & Luxury Get T’s Weekly Newsletter Sign Up Follow Us tmagazine pinterest page for tmagazine tmagazine facebook page for tmagazine tmagazine instagram page for tmagazine tmagazine twitter page for tmagazine Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions