 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Technology Today’s Paper Supported by Continue reading the main story Technology DealBook Markets Economy Energy Media Technology Personal Tech Entrepreneurship Your Money Highlights Photo Jim Wilson/The New York Times Credit Why Facebook’s Blocking of New Political Ads May Fall Short There are still many ways that voter misinformation can spread on the social network, even as it moves to cut off new political ads on Oct. 27. By and Davey Alba Sheera Frenkel Photo Delcan &amp; Company Credit Forget TikTok. China’s Powerhouse App Is WeChat, and Its Power Is Sweeping. A vital connection for the Chinese diaspora, the app has also become a global conduit of Chinese state propaganda, surveillance and intimidation. The United States has proposed banning it. By Paul Mozur Photo Robert Galbraith/Reuters Credit TikTok Bid Highlights Oracle’s Public Embrace of Trump The tech giant stands out in Silicon Valley for its close ties to the administration, which must bless any deal for the social media app. By David McCabe Photo Hiroko Masuike/The New York Times Credit Pentagon Sticks With Microsoft for Cloud Computing Contract Amazon, a rival for the $10 billion contract, has complained that President Trump interfered in the process. By Kate Conger Advertisement Continue reading the main story Personal Technology More in Personal Technology » Photo Glenn Harvey Credit The Lesson We’re Learning From TikTok? It’s All About Our Data We should minimize how much we share with all of our favorite and not-so-favorite apps. Here’s how. By Brian X. Chen Photo Nadia Hafid Credit Recognize Misinformation on the Internet Identifying reliable information online is especially urgent, and especially for seniors. By Amy Yee Photo Nadia Hafid Credit Finally Organize Those Photos Sorting your photographs, whether digital or print or both, can seem daunting. Here are some simple ways to catalog and organize your images. By Sarah Firshein Photo Credit Protect Your Privacy and the Environment While Upgrading Your Gear Got a new phone, tablet or computer and want to repurpose or responsibly recycle the old one? Here’s a guide to moving on. By J. D. Biersdorfer Photo Glenn Harvey Credit We Tested Instagram Reels, the TikTok Clone. What a Dud. TikTok might not be winning over President Trump, but it sure beats its Instagram copycat for making and sharing short videos. By and Brian X. Chen Taylor Lorenz Latest Search Search Clear this text input Chess (Yes, Chess) Is Now a Streaming Obsession Viewers are flocking to games during the pandemic, entranced by a charismatic grandmaster and his lightning-fast play. By Kellen Browning When Learning Is Really Remote: Students Climb Trees and Travel Miles for a Cell Signal Schools are closed in Indonesia because of the pandemic, but for the rural poor who lack internet access and smartphones, online education is particularly difficult. By Richard C. Paddock, Dera Menra Sijabat Ulet Ifansasti and Parents Got More Time Off. Then the Backlash Started. Pandemic policies at tech companies have created a rift between parents offered more benefits and resentful workers who don’t have children. By Daisuke Wakabayashi Sheera Frenkel and Are Influencers Responsible for the Behavior of Their Followers? Fan armies are harassing gay and trans people on TikTok. By Taylor Lorenz With … Reed Hastings Had Us All Staying Home Before We Had To Netflix started with sending DVDs — remember them? — through the mail, but now the streaming pioneer sits atop a Hollywood it has thoroughly upended. By Maureen Dowd Student Charged in Cyberattacks at Miami-Dade Schools Virtual classes in the fourth-largest school district in the United States were choked by glitches this week. A 16-year-old high school junior has admitted to the cyberattacks. By Jacey Fortin Justice Dept. Plans to File Antitrust Charges Against Google in Coming Weeks The attorney general is said to have set a deadline over the objections of career lawyers who say they need more time to build the case. By Katie Benner Cecilia Kang and on tech Lessons From a Virus Tracing Dud One state learned the hard way that technology won’t get us out of this pandemic. But it can help. By Shira Ovide Facebook Moves to Limit Election Chaos in November The social network said it would block new political ads in late October, among other measures, to reduce misinformation and interference. By Mike Isaac A Freelance Writer Learns He Was Working for the Russians A man who had written for a site that officials say was a front for a Russian group said his mysterious editor “had a different kind of agenda.” By Sheera Frenkel Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story Follow Us nytimestech twitter page for nytimestech Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions