 Continue reading the main story Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index English Español 中文 Today’s Paper World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Arts Books Style Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate Video World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Arts Books Style Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate Video Your Tuesday Briefing Here’s what you need to know. The Book Review Podcast Jeffrey Toobin on President Trump; Elena Ferrante’s new novel. Coronavirus Schools Briefing How is the pandemic reshaping education? Get the latest news. How Trump’s Billion-Dollar Campaign Lost Its Cash Advantage Five months ago, President Trump’s campaign had a financial edge over Joe Biden’s. But now, some are forecasting the unthinkable: a cash crunch. The Times conducted an extensive review of how the campaign spent lavishly to show how that advantage evaporated. A rally for President Trump in Latrobe, Penn. Mr. Trump’s campaign has spent $800 million. Anna Moneymaker for The New York Times Pence and Harris Vie for Wisconsin as Trump Vents From the White House The unofficial Labor Day start to the fall campaign centered around the pivotal state, with dueling events from Mike Pence and Kamala Harris. Joe Biden called President Trump “downright un-American” over his reported remarks on soldiers. Catch up on the latest. With Washington Deadlocked on Aid, States Face Dire Fiscal Crises Local officials are slashing funding for larger services like education and health care, as well as smaller ones, like orchestra subsidies. Looking to Buy a Used Car in the Pandemic? So Is Everyone Else Eager to avoid public transit and Uber, and to save money, buyers are emptying dealerships. Itagua, Paraguay Jorge Saenz/Associated Press Quezaltepeque, El Salvador Yuri Cortez/AFP — Getty Images Barcelona, Spain Emilio Morenatti/Associated Press Miami Beach Cristobal Herrera-Ulashkevich/EPA, via Shutterstock Oldham, England Oli Scarff/AFP — Getty Images West Palm Beach, Fla. Joe Raedle/Getty Images Bnei Brak, Israel Menahem Kahana/AFP — Getty Images Trenton, N.J. Kirsten Luce for The New York Times New Delhi Adnan Abidi/Reuters Rio de Janeiro Buda Mendes/Getty Images How New Cases Are Changing by Day 7-day average United States 5,991,163 total cases Jan. 22 Aug. 29 Brazil 3,846,153 India 3,542,733 Mexico 591,712 U.K. 334,467 Canada 127,673 See all new cases around the world New Reported Cases in the U.S. See the U.S. hot spots Photos World Cases U.S. Curve Parties and Pushback Threaten College Reopenings More than 51,000 cases have been reported at campuses. Some students have faced serious consequences for breaking the rules. Here’s the latest. live Tracking the Coronavirus › United States › On Sept. 6 14-day change Trend New cases 31,061 -4% New deaths 406 -14% Where cases are per capita highest N.D. S.D. Iowa Tenn. Mo. Ark. Ala. Kan. Miss. Okla. Ky. Ga. U.S. hot spots › Worldwide › California Wildfires: Extreme Heat Turns State Into a Furnace Fires burning from near the Mexico border to the forests of the Sierra Nevada spread a curtain of smoke over California on Monday. A firefighter doused flames as they pushed towards homes in Madera County, Calif., on Monday. Josh Edelson/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Pyrotechnics at a Gender-Reveal Party Are Being Blamed for a Wildfire An elaborate plan to reveal a baby’s gender went disastrously wrong. It wasn’t the first time. Trump Emerges as Inspiration for Germany’s Far Right Among German conspiracy theorists, ultranationalists and neo-Nazis, President Trump is surfacing as a rallying cry, or even as a potential “liberator.” Djokovic Is Sorry for Outburst, but His Drama Is Often Self-Inflicted Even before the errant hit that got him disqualified from the U.S. Open, Novak Djokovic was creating frustration beyond the court, our columnist writes. Novak Djokovic apologized after accidentally hitting a line judge with a ball at the U.S. Open. Jason Szenes/EPA, via Shutterstock Spectators Are Not Allowed at the U.S. Open. Except These Lucky Few. Baristas, court attendants and other employees are enjoying an odd perk this year: Access to the matches, without the crowds. Serena Williams reached the quarterfinals with her 100th win at Arthur Ashe Stadium, the most of any player. The Great Read Drones, Hooks and Blood: Secrets of the Shark Fishermen of Long Island Catching sharks off the New York coast is nothing new, but with warming seas and abundant prey, sharks are passing closer to the South Shore each summer. A brown shark, or sandbar shark, reeled in. Mark Abramson for The New York Times Opinion Paul Krugman Gross Domestic Misery Is Rising The recovery is bypassing those who need it most. Richard V. Reeves and Christopher Pulliam The Tax Cut for the Rich That Democrats Love Why are party leaders fighting to get rid of one surprisingly progressive element of the 2017 tax bill? Gwen Berry I Used the Podium to Protest. The Olympic Committee Punished Me. Margaret Renkl A 150,000-Bird Orchestra in the Sky Adam Grant and Allison Sweet Grant Kids Can Learn to Love Learning, Even Over Zoom Binyamin Appelbaum and photographs by Damon Winter Can a Person’s Hands Reveal Their Job? Pico Iyer The Best Reason to Go to College The Editorial Board How to Fix New York’s $5 Billion Budget Crisis Krista Diamond The Strange Grief of Losing My Sense of Taste Nicholas Kristof ‘I Keep My Promises,’ Trump Said. Let’s Check. Terence Nance To My Missed Connection: I Saw You Walk Into the Guisados on Sunset Editors’ Picks The New York Times Those We’ve Lost The pandemic has taken an incalculable death toll. This series is designed to put names and faces to the numbers. A Nostalgic (if Isolating) Road Trip Along Route 66 Driven by an early fascination with the American West, a photographer set off to travel part of America’s most celebrated highway. ‘I Saw a Prominent Display of a Sauvignon Blanc From New Zealand’ Picking out a bottle of wine to share with friends, sturdy ivy in Queens and more reader tales of New York in this week’s Metropolitan Diary. Advertisement Continue reading the main story We’d like your thoughts on the New York Times home page experience. Let us know what you think Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions