 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Today’s Paper Advertisement Continue reading the main story Highlights Photo Credit America at Hunger’s Edge We spent months photographing dozens of families across the country to understand what food insecurity looks like today. Photographs by Brenda Ann Kenneally Photo Brenda Ann Kenneally for The New York Times Credit How Hunger Persists in a Rich Country Like America Beyond the pandemic emergency, there is a food crisis hidden in plain sight: Millions struggling for years to feed their families. By Adrian Nicole LeBlanc Photo Credit Instagram Is Coming for Your Sock Drawer The Home Edit won over Khloé Kardashian and Gwyneth Paltrow with a particular style of home organization. Now a new Netflix show will showcase its high aspirations and “low bar” ethos. By Amanda FitzSimons Photo Credit Feature Can ‘Athletic Intelligence’ Be Measured? Teams in the N.F.L. and other leagues believe performance on a tablet can predict success in a real game. By Devin Gordon Photo Credit ‘Just Because I Have a Car Doesn’t Mean I Have Enough Money to Buy Food’ The economic strain of the coronavirus pandemic has more Americans turning to food banks and charity for help feeding their families. By and Tim Arango Brenda Ann Kenneally Times Insider Photo Brenda Ann Kenneally for The New York Times Credit When Hunger Is on the Doorstep The photographer Brenda Ann Kenneally traveled across the country to highlight the prevalence of food insecurity among families. To her, the images only begin to tell the story of struggle. By Lauren McCarthy Beyond the World War II We know Photo United States Holocaust Memorial Museum, Courtesy of National Archives and Records Administration, College Park Credit A Secret Diary Chronicled the ‘Satanic World’ That Was Dachau For two years, a prisoner in the German concentration camp kept a journal that would later be used to convict those who had persecuted him and killed his fellow prisoners. By David Chrisinger Beyond the World War II We Know Photo PhotoQuest/Getty Images Credit My Family’s Shrouded History Is Also a National One for Korea Decades after the war ended, scars left by the Japanese occupation persist for millions of Koreans and Korean-Americans, including the author Alexander Chee. By Alexander Chee Photo Credit World War II After 75 Years: Beyond the War We Know We set out to explore the end of the conflict and its aftermath, focusing on lesser-known stories both personal and profound. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Latest Search Search Clear this text input Issue 9.6.20 Behind the Cover: Hunger in America A look at a rise in food insecurity that none of us has seen in our lifetimes. at war Afghan War Casualty Report: September 2020 At least 45 pro-government forces and 27 civilians have been killed in Afghanistan in the past seven days. By Fahim Abed Beyond the World War II We Know We Are Still Living the Legacy of World War II Act III of the war — After the War — is now simply part of our daily reality, in America and globally, writes Tom Hanks. By Tom Hanks Beyond the World War II We Know The Forgotten Colonial Forces of World War II “There’s a scattered memory of their sacrifice all over Europe.” The Allied powers relied on colonial troops to defeat the Axis, but their contributions are not often recognized. By Maria Abi-Habib Issue 8.30.20 Behind the Cover: Black Visions A look at the Minneapolis-based organizing group Black Visions, and where collective action may go from here. Poem: Ode to the Oranges of Jaffa What if the orchards, lizards, and rivers could tell the histories? A poem drawing from memories and witness. By Philip Metres Naomi Shihab Nye and Screenland The Racial Anxiety Lurking Behind Reaction Videos The internet loves watching young Black YouTubers pour out blessings on Boomer favorites — an enthusiasm that says a lot about the nation today. By Jody Rosen Judge John Hodgman Judge John Hodgman on Fending for Yourself You found the last small steak. If you’ve both agreed to make dinner for yourselves, should you have the steak? By Judge John Hodgman Diagnosis A Strange Rash Had Doctors Stumped. Was It an Insect Bite? After what felt like a sting, a red blotch grew and darkened on his shin. And then a twin rash somehow showed up on the other leg. By Lisa Sanders, M.D. Feature Convicted of Sex Crimes, but With No Victims An online sting operation to catch child predators snared hundreds of men. What were they really guilty of? By Michael Winerip Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story The 9.6.20 Issue For this issue, the photographer Brenda Ann Kenneally spent months photographing dozens of families across the country to understand what food insecurity looks like today. Read this issue Read our previous issue See all past issues Advertisement Continue reading the main story Follow Us nytmag instagram page for nytmag nytmag twitter page for nytmag The Sunday Magazine Staff Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions