 We use cookies and similar methods to recognize visitors and remember their preferences. We also use them to measure ad campaign effectiveness, target ads and analyze site traffic. To learn more about these methods, including how to disable them, By clicking "accept", you consent to the processing of your data by us and third parties using the above methods. You can always change your tracker preferences by visiting our Cookie Policy. view our Cookie Policy. ACCEPT MANAGE TRACKERS Unlimited access to all the journalism we offer. /week $2 $0.50 Billed as every 4 weeks for $8 $2 one year. You can cancel anytime. you will be automatically charged $2.00 every 4 weeks for one year, then $8.00 every 4 weeks thereafter. You may cancel at any time. By subscribing, you are accepting the , , and . Billing information: Terms of Service Privacy Policy Terms of Sale Subscribe Now https://myaccount.nytimes.com Buy with Student? Get a special rate • Interested in digital + print? No commitment required. Cancel anytime. Limited time offer. This is an offer for a Basic Digital Access Subscription. Your payment method will automatically be charged in advance every four weeks. You will be charged the introductory offer rate every four weeks for the introductory period of one year, and thereafter will be charged the standard rate every four weeks until you cancel. All subscriptions renew automatically. A cancellation will be effective at the end of the then-current billing cycle. The Basic Digital Access Subscription does not include e-reader editions (Kindle, Nook, etc.) NYT Games (the Crossword) or NYT Cooking. Mobile apps are not supported on all devices. These offers are not available for current subscribers. Other restrictions and taxes may apply. Offers and pricing are subject to change without notice. You can anytime. cancel We believe that great journalism has the power to make each reader’s life richer and more fulfilling, and all of society stronger and more just. Not ready to subscribe? Tell us why. ©2020 The New York Times Company About The New York Times Company Privacy Policy Terms of Sale Group Subscriptions Help Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Feedback Do Not Sell My Personal Information We No Longer Sell Your Personal Information Your preference has been saved. We will no longer sell your information As a California resident, you have additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. While The New York Times Company does not “sell” personal information of its readers as the term “sell” is traditionally understood, “sell” under the CCPA is broadly defined. To learn more, review the text below. The New York Times Company does not sell personal information of its readers as the term “sell” is traditionally understood. But “sell” under the CCPA is broadly defined. It includes the sharing of personal information with third parties in exchange for something of value, even if no money changes hands. For example, sharing an advertising or device identifier to a third party may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA. To the extent The New York Times Company “sells” your personal information (as the term “sell” is defined under the CCPA), you have the right to opt-out of that “sale” on a going-forward basis at any time. To exercise this right, click the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link in the footer of our website or under your “Account,” which you have already done. You can also submit a request to opt-out by emailing us at with the subject line “California Resident - Do Not Sell.” privacy@nytimes.com Once you have opted out, you will see a change to “We No Longer Sell Your Personal Information.” If you have an account with certain Times Services (specifically nytimes.com, cooking.nytimes.com, nytimes.com/crosswords, the New York Times app, the New York Times Cooking app and the New York Times Crossword app) and are logged in, we will save your preference and honor your opt-out request across browsers and devices so long as you remain logged in. If you are not logged in, or do not have an account with any Times Services listed above, your opt-out of the “sale” of personal information will be specific to the browser or device from which you have clicked “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” and until you clear your cookies (or local storage in apps) on this browser or device. If your browser or device is using a “do not track” setting, we will detect it and honor it on that specific browser or device only. If you wish to have a “do not track” experience across all of your browsers and devices, please make sure that all of your browsers and devices are set on “do not track.” After you opt out of the “sale” of your personal information, we will no longer “sell” your personal information to third parties (except in an aggregated or de-identified manner so it is no longer personal information), but we will continue to share your personal information with our service providers, which process it on our behalf. Exercising your right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information does not mean that you will stop seeing ads on our sites and apps. To opt-out of interest-based advertising as much as technically possible, go to in our Cookie Policy. To opt out of the “sale” of your personal information from participating companies, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance or . We do not control these opt-out mechanisms and are not responsible for their operation. “How Do I Manage Trackers” website apps You can designate someone else to make a request on your behalf. To protect your information, we will ask for a signed permission from you authorizing the other person to submit a request on your behalf. We will contact you to verify your identity before we respond to your authorized agent’s request. After 12 months, we may ask you if you want to opt into the “sale” of your personal information. For further information, please refer to our . Privacy Policy DISMISS Learn more about your privacy Your request to not sell your data will be stored for this browser and device If you clear your cookies, your preference will be forgotten. As a California resident, you have additional rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018. While The New York Times Company does not “sell” personal information of its readers as the term “sell” is traditionally understood, “sell” under the CCPA is broadly defined. To learn more, review the text below. The New York Times Company does not sell personal information of its readers as the term “sell” is traditionally understood. But “sell” under the CCPA is broadly defined. It includes the sharing of personal information with third parties in exchange for something of value, even if no money changes hands. For example, sharing an advertising or device identifier to a third party may be considered a “sale” under the CCPA. To the extent The New York Times Company “sells” your personal information (as the term “sell” is defined under the CCPA), you have the right to opt-out of that “sale” on a going-forward basis at any time. To exercise this right, click the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” link in the footer of our website or under your “Account,” which you have already done. You can also submit a request to opt-out by emailing us at with the subject line “California Resident - Do Not Sell.” privacy@nytimes.com Once you have opted out, you will see a change to “We No Longer Sell Your Personal Information.” If you have an account with certain Times Services (specifically nytimes.com, cooking.nytimes.com, nytimes.com/crosswords, the New York Times app, the New York Times Cooking app and the New York Times Crossword app) and are logged in, we will save your preference and honor your opt-out request across browsers and devices so long as you remain logged in. If you are not logged in, or do not have an account with any Times Services listed above, your opt-out of the “sale” of personal information will be specific to the browser or device from which you have clicked “Do Not Sell My Personal Information” and until you clear your cookies (or local storage in apps) on this browser or device. If your browser or device is using a “do not track” setting, we will detect it and honor it on that specific browser or device only. If you wish to have a “do not track” experience across all of your browsers and devices, please make sure that all of your browsers and devices are set on “do not track.” After you opt out of the “sale” of your personal information, we will no longer “sell” your personal information to third parties (except in an aggregated or de-identified manner so it is no longer personal information), but we will continue to share your personal information with our service providers, which process it on our behalf. Exercising your right to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information does not mean that you will stop seeing ads on our sites and apps. To opt-out of interest-based advertising as much as technically possible, go to in our Cookie Policy. To opt out of the “sale” of your personal information from participating companies, please visit the Digital Advertising Alliance or . We do not control these opt-out mechanisms and are not responsible for their operation. “How Do I Manage Trackers” website apps You can designate someone else to make a request on your behalf. To protect your information, we will ask for a signed permission from you authorizing the other person to submit a request on your behalf. We will contact you to verify your identity before we respond to your authorized agent’s request. After 12 months, we may ask you if you want to opt into the “sale” of your personal information. For further information, please refer to our . Privacy Policy DISMISS Learn more about your privacy California Notices