 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Travel Today’s Paper Advertisement Continue reading the main story Supported by Continue reading the main story Travel 36 Hours Frugal Traveler 52 Places to Go Highlights Photo Luke Sharrett Credit The World Through a Lens A Nostalgic (if Isolating) Road Trip Along Route 66 Driven by an early fascination with the American West, a photographer set off to travel part of America’s most celebrated highway. By Luke Sharrett Photo D. Corson/ClassicStock, via Getty Images Credit To Many Travelers, 2020 Was the Summer of 1965 Driving over flying. Domestic destinations. Though the conditions and causes were different, certain midcentury travel preferences experienced a revival this year. By Sarah Firshein Photo Piotr Redlinski for The New York Times Credit Glamping for First-Timers A novice camper needed a vacation. What are the options during the summer of Covid-19? By Nikita Stewart Photo Asilia Africa Credit Do Safari Companies Really Want African Travelers? During these lean times for tourism, travel companies are appealing to residents with special rates. But locals ask: Why didn’t you reach out before? By Tariro Mzezewa Tripped Up Photo Daniel Fishel Credit Help! What Are the Best Precautions When Traveling by Car? Our columnist answers your coronavirus-related questions about health and safety on road trips. By Sarah Firshein The World Through a Lens Photo Marcus Westberg Credit A Virtual Tour of Malawi, the ‘Warm Heart of Africa’ Malawi leaves a lasting impression not because of its location or aesthetics, but because of its people, writes the photographer Marcus Westberg. By Marcus Westberg Photo The New York Times Credit Should I Travel This Year? Travel looks very different in 2020. Here are some questions to help you consider the risks to yourself and others if you take a trip. By and Sara Aridi Umi Syam Photo Tony Cenicola/The New York Times Credit I’m a U.S. Citizen. Where in the World Can I Go? For Americans eager to resume international travel, here are the countries that currently allow U.S. citizens to enter, though there may be restrictions. By Karen Schwartz Photo Ted Shaffrey/Associated Press Credit Thinking of Traveling in the U.S.? These States Have Travel Restrictions. Nearly half of the states have measures in place for visitors, from mandatory testing to quarantine requirements. By Karen Schwartz Advertisement Continue reading the main story The New World of Travel More in The New World of Travel » Photo Nick Oxford/Reuters Credit The Future of Travel Perhaps no industry has been as hard hit by the pandemic as tourism. As restrictions on companies and travelers ease, what will the new world look like? By , and Elaine Glusac Tariro Mzezewa Sarah Firshein Photo Loren Elliott/Reuters Credit Remember the ‘Travel Bubble’? Here’s How It Burst To keep tourism afloat during the pandemic, some countries formed travel alliances with their neighbors. At summer’s end, the experiment has had mixed results. By Julie Weed Photo Kai Schwoerer/Getty Images Credit Move Over, Sustainable Travel. Regenerative Travel Has Arrived. Can a post-vaccine return to travel be smarter and greener than it was before March 2020? Some in the tourism industry are betting on it. By Elaine Glusac Photo Annelise Capossela Credit The New Pandemic Flash Point: Your Vacation What kind of travel, if any, is acceptable? Opinions on what’s OK and what’s not are causing fights between family members and fissures among friends. By Tariro Mzezewa Photo Raphaelle Macaron Credit Hotels Tout Cleaning, But Guests Say, ‘My Room Was Dirty’ Hotel companies have been promoting new cleaning initiatives for months as a way to regain traveler confidence. But guests at some hotels in the United States say they are not living up to the promises. By Jane L. Levere Tripped Up More in Tripped Up » Photo Nicole Rifkin Credit Help! I’m Abroad and My Visa Is About to Run Out Many American citizens were traveling internationally when the pandemic struck. For those who have no interest in coming home in the short-term, but face expiring tourist visas, our columnist investigates the options. By Sarah Firshein Photo Anna Wanda Gogusey Credit Help! My Ship Is Supposedly Still Sailing, and I Don’t Want to Be On Board The future of the cruise industry remains very unclear, so it’s not totally unreasonable to be anxious about what next spring will look like. By Sarah Firshein Photo Reyna Noriega Credit Help! I’m Owed a Refund, But the Hotel Owner Refuses to Budge Here we are, wondering aloud about the oversight capabilities of hotel franchises, and what powers they can exert over their thousands of individual owners. Thanks Covid-19. By Sarah Firshein Photo Karlotta Freier Credit Help! It’s Been Months. I’m Still in a Travel Mess. Unclear policies, confusing customer-service protocols and not-yet-fulfilled refunds continue to be an issue. Our columnist sees what she can do. By Sarah Firshein Photo Hokyoung Kim Credit Help! One Company Refused to Refund Travelers More Than $100,000 Then our columnist intervened with the Boston-based tour operator Overseas Adventure Travel. By Sarah Firshein Advertisement Continue reading the main story Latest Search Search Clear this text input A Pit Stop and a Pause to Reflect on a Summer That Wasn’t After a summer marked by hot spots, lockdowns and travel restrictions, Labor Day was a last chance to get back on the open road. By Kirsten Luce Lucy Tompkins and 7 Sculpture Gardens that Merge Art With the Landscape This fall, getting culture outdoors is even more restorative than usual. Here are some options across the country. By Thessaly La Force The T List: Five Things We Recommend This Week Elegant needlepoint, makeup inspired by the Met — and more. Critics’ Notebook The Whitney Reopens With 3 Powerhouse Shows When the museum closed in March, it was showing Agnes Pelton’s paintings and Mexico’s great muralists. Thankfully, these works are still up on the walls. By Roberta Smith, Holland Cotter Siddhartha Mitter and A Popular Times Square Hotel Closes, and 200 Workers Lose Their Jobs Not even a location a block away from the “crossroads of the world” could save the Hilton Times Square from the pandemic. By Patrick McGeehan Amtrak Will Furlough Over 2,000 Workers Because of the Coronavirus The job cuts come as the rail agency’s response to fiscal challenges receives scrutiny from rail advocates and federal lawmakers. By Pranshu Verma International real estate House Hunting on Cyprus: Your Own Little Water Park for $3.3 Million The island nation has avoided the worst of the coronavirus pandemic, but its housing market may stagnate until tourists return. By Alison Gregor First You Clean the Dinosaur’s Teeth. Then You Open the Museum. The American Museum of Natural History is going for an intimate experience — allowing hundreds, not thousands, of visitors in per hour — when it reopens on Sept. 9. By Melena Ryzik Amy Lombard and vows Someone to Always Spill the Tea With Jessica Hanser struck up a conversation with James Atkinson a couple of years ago at London’s British Library, and the two haven’t stopped talking since. By Linda Marx Have a New Address? Don’t Lose Your Mail If you’ve decided to temporarily relocate, make sure your essential correspondence and eagerly anticipated packages can find you. By A.C. Shilton Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Follow Us @NYTimesTravel twitter page for @NYTimesTravel NYTimesTravel facebook page for NYTimesTravel Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions