 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index Europe Today’s Paper Europe | U.K. Coronavirus Map and Case Count https://nyti.ms/3enE6SK The Coronavirus Outbreak live Latest Updates Maps and Cases Vaccine Tracker Eviction Moratorium American Hunger Advertisement Continue reading the main story U.K. Coronavirus Map and Case Count By The New York Times Updated September 7, 2020, 8:01 P.M. E.T. World COUNTRIES | U.S.A. STATES Testing Brazil Canada France Germany India Italy Mexico Spain U.K. Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington, D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming 0 2,000 4,000 6,000 cases Feb. March April May June July Aug. Sept. New cases 7-day average Day with data reporting anomaly. Total cases 350,100 Deaths 41,554 Includes confirmed and probable cases where available Map By country and local area New cases Tips Latest news » There have been at least 350,100 confirmed cases of coronavirus in the United Kingdom, according to . As of Monday evening, 41,554 people had died. The government for counting Covid-19 deaths on Aug. 12, lowering the overall death toll by more than 5,000. Public Health England changed its methodology The also produces a weekly report on the number of deaths registered in the U.K. that mention Covid-19 on a death certificate. This figure, which includes deaths outside of hospitals, is higher than the reported daily death toll. Office for National Statistics Reported cases in the United Kingdom Total cases Per capita Share of population with a reported case No cases reported Double-click to zoom into the map. Use two fingers to pan and zoom. Tap for details. Sources: Department for Health and Social Care, Public Health England, Public Health Scotland, Public Health Wales, Public Health Agency of Northern Ireland, Chief Medical Officer Directorate. Regional data for Northern Ireland was not reported by health authorities. Circles are sized by the number of people there who have tested positive, which may differ from where they contracted the illness. About this data For total cases and deaths: The map shows the known locations of coronavirus cases by region. Circles are sized by the number of people there who have tested positive or have a probable case of the virus, which may differ from where they contracted the illness. Here’s how the number of cases and deaths are growing in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland: Reported cases and deaths by country and local area This table is sorted by places with the most cases per 100,000 residents in the last seven days. Select deaths or a different column header to sort by different data. Cases Deaths Total cases Per 100,000 Total deaths Per 100,000 Cases in last 7 days Per 100,000 Deaths in last 7 days Per 100,000 + Northern Ireland 7,868 434 565 31 540 30 4 <1 + Scotland 21,543 396 2,496 46 1,079 20 2 <1 + England 302,175 540 36,896 66 10,658 19 44 <1 + Wales 18,514 590 1,597 51 408 13 2 <1 Britain has the highest number of Covid-19 deaths in Europe, surpassing Italy and Spain in early May. Prime Minister Boris Johnson issued a to ease Britain out of its seven-week lockdown. In a televised speech, he said those who cannot work from home may return to work, and that people can freely exercise and spend time outdoors. In July, the self-isolation period for people who test positive for the coronavirus or develop symptoms from seven days to 10. conditional plan increased Millions of rapid that can detect the virus within 90 minutes will be issued to hospitals, care homes and laboratories in the coming months. In England, councils with high levels of coronavirus infection are establishing to make up for flaws in the government's “” system. coronavirus tests local contact-tracing plans world-beating The are easing lockdown restrictions at different speeds. In England, pubs, restaurants, hairdressers, and tourist spots can now reopen. And after much debate, the nation made mandatory in most stores and certain . England has also lifted its fourteen-day quarantine period for incoming travellers from . four countries of Britain theatres facemasks public spaces select countries In Scotland, the country has lifted its, and hairdressers, pubs, and places of worship can now. Wales has taken a more cautious approach to reopening than its neighbors: pubs, restaurants and cafes did not reopen to serve customers indoors until August. In, up to fifteen people can meet outdoors, and at the beginning of July, pubs, restaurants, hairdressers, and tattoo parlours were greenlit for operation. five-mile travel limit open Northern Ireland How Cases Are Growing Here’s how the number of new cases and deaths are changing over time: New reported cases by day in the United Kingdom 0 2,000 4,000 6,000 cases Feb. March April May June July Aug. Sept. New cases 7-day average These are days with a data reporting anomaly. Read more . here Note: The seven-day average is the average of a day and the previous six days of data. New reported deaths by day in the United Kingdom 0 500 1,000 deaths Feb. March April May June July Aug. Sept. New deaths 7-day average Note: Scale for deaths chart is adjusted from cases chart to display trend. The New York Times has found that official and have undercounted deaths during the coronavirus outbreak because of limited testing availability. tallies in the United States in more than a dozen other countries Where You Can Find More Information Read more about how the British government , England's flawed , the drive to, the disproportionate economic impact of the virus on and a deadly outbreak in a . rebooted the restaurant industry contact tracing system reopen Britain's schools Britain's minority women Scottish nursing home Here is where you can find more detailed information: from the government include information for residents of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, and they note new developments and coronavirus services. Guidelines and essential information are updated regularly by Public Health England. Case counts and regional breakdowns Estimates of and how many people have been infected, from Researchers at Imperial College London, along with . how quickly the outbreak is growing other research , from the Office For National Statistics. Possible long-term effects to the economy and society A for British passport holders, including essential documents like an , from The Foreign and Commonwealth Office. However, the department strongly advises against any non-essential travel worldwide due to “unprecedented international border closures and other restrictions.” list of travel instructions emergency travel certificate About the data The Times has identified the following reporting anomalies or methodology changes in the data: Health authorities changed their methodology to avoid double-counting positive cases. This change, along with a historical revision of data, resulted in a decrease of more than 30,000 cases in the cumulative case total for the U.K. July 2: Starting June 18, data for Scotland will include testing results from the U.K. Government’s Regional Testing Centres, in addition to data from NHS Laboratories. Scotland did not update data between June 15-17 while preparing this change. On Aug. 12, health authorities for counting Covid-19 deaths, lowering the overall death toll in the United Kingdom by more than 5,000. The data on this page has been revised to reflect the updated methodology. Data for deaths in England’s local areas was also removed and is reported on this page as of Aug. 12. changed their methodology Governments often revise data or report a single-day large increase in cases or deaths from unspecified days without historical revisions, which can cause an irregular pattern in the daily reported figures. The Times is excluding these anomalies from seven-day averages when possible. Tracking the Coronavirus United States Latest Maps and Data Cases and deaths for every county Deaths Above Normal The true toll of coronavirus in the U.S. Cities and Metro Areas Where it is getting better and worse Testing Is your state doing enough? Nursing Homes The hardest-hit states and facilities Colleges and Universities Cases at more than 1,000 schools Reopening Which states are open and closed World Latest Maps and Data Cases and deaths for every country Deaths Above Normal The true toll of coronavirus around the world Health Vaccines Track their development Treatments Rated by effectiveness and safety Countries Brazil Canada France Germany India Italy Mexico Spain U.K. United States States, Territories and Cities Alabama Alaska Arizona Arkansas California Colorado Connecticut Delaware Florida Georgia Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York New York City North Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma Oregon Pennsylvania Puerto Rico Rhode Island South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virginia Washington Washington, D.C. West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming What you can do Experts’ . It seems that there are : how close you get to an infected person; how long you are near that person; whether that person expels viral droplets on or near you; and how much you touch your face afterwards. understanding of how the Covid-19 works is growing four factors that most likely play a role Here is a guide to the symptoms of Covid-19. You can help reduce your risk and do your part to protect others by following some : basic steps Keep your distance from others. Stay at least six feet away from people outside your household as much as possible. Wear a mask outside your home. A mask protects others from your germs, and it protects you from infection as well. The more people who wear masks, the more we all stay safer. Wash your hands often. Anytime you come in contact with a surface outside your home, scrub with soap for at least 20 seconds, rinse and then dry your hands with a clean towel. Avoid touching your face. The virus can spread when our hands come into contact with the virus, and we touch our nose, mouth or eyes. Try to keep your hands away from your face unless you have just recently washed them. Here’s a for the coronavirus outbreak. complete guide on how you can prepare Note: Data are based on reports at the time of publication. At times, officials revise reports or offer incomplete information. Population data are from U.K. Data Service Census Support. By , , , Julia Calderone, , Matthew Conlen, Lindsey Cook, Gabriel Gianordoli, , , , , Danya Issawi, , , Alex Lemonides, , , , Kirk Semple, Julie Walton Shaver, , Charlie Smart, , , , and . · Reporting was contributed by Jordan Allen, Jeff Arnold, , , , Samone Blair, Nicholas Bogel-Burroughs, Aurelien Breeden, Elisha Brown, Emma Bubola, Maddie Burakoff, Alyssa Burr, Christopher Calabrese, Sarah Cahalan, Zak Cassel, Robert Chiarito, Izzy Colón, Matt Craig, Yves De Jesus, Brendon Derr, Brandon Dupré, Melissa Eddy, John Eligon, Timmy Facciola, Bianca Fortis, Matt Furber, Robert Gebeloff, , Grace Gorenflo, Rebecca Griesbach, Benjamin Guggenheim, Lauryn Higgins, Josh Holder, Jake Holland, Jon Huang, Anna Joyce, Ann Hinga Klein, Jacob LaGesse, Alex Lim, Patricia Mazzei, Jesse McKinley, Miles McKinley, K.B. Mensah, Sarah Mervosh, Jacob Meschke, Lauren Messman, Andrea Michelson, Jaylynn Moffat-Mowatt, Steven Moity, Paul Moon, Thomas Gibbons-Neff, Anahad O'Connor, Ashlyn O’Hara, Azi Paybarah, Elian Peltier, Sean Plambeck, Laney Pope, Elisabetta Povoledo, Cierra S. Queen, Savannah Redl, Scott Reinhard, Thomas Rivas, Frances Robles, Natasha Rodriguez, Jess Ruderman, Alison Saldanha, , Alex Schwartz, Emily Schwing, Libby Seline, Sarena Snider, Brandon Thorp, Alex Traub, Maura Turcotte, Tracey Tully, Lisa Waananen Jones, Amy Schoenfeld Walker, Jeremy White, Kristine White, Bonnie G. Wong, Tiffany Wong, and John Yoon. · Data acquisition and additional work contributed by Will Houp, Andrew Chavez, Michael Strickland, Tiff Fehr, Miles Watkins, , Albert Sun, Shelly Seroussi, Nina Pavlich, Carmen Cincotti, Ben Smithgall, Andrew Fischer, , , Alastair Coote, Steven Speicher, Hugh Mandeville, Robin Berjon, Thu Trinh, Carolyn Price, James G. Robinson, Phil Wells, Yanxing Yang, Michael Beswetherick, Michael Robles, Nikhil Baradwaj, Ariana Giorgi and Bella Virgilio. Sarah Almukhtar Aliza Aufrichtig Matthew Bloch Keith Collins Amy Harmon Rich Harris Adeel Hassan Jon Huang Danielle Ivory K.K. Rebecca Lai Allison McCann Richard A. Oppel Jr. Jugal K. Patel Anjali Singhvi Mitch Smith Derek Watkins Timothy Williams Jin Wu Karen Yourish Ian Austen Mike Baker Ellen Barry Matthew Goldstein Kai Schultz Sameer Yasir Josh Williams Rachel Shorey Blacki Migliozzi Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions