 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index U.S. News Today’s Paper Supported by Continue reading the main story U.S. News Highlights Photo Credit California Wildfires: Extreme Heat Turns State Into a Furnace Fires burning from near the Mexico border to the forests of the Sierra Nevada spread a curtain of smoke over California on Monday. By , and Jack Healy Kate Taylor Ivan Penn Photo Credit Jacob Blake, Rare Survivor at Center of Police Protests, Starts Telling His Own Story In a video recorded from his hospital bed, Mr. Blake, who was shot by the police, says, “It hurts to breathe; it hurts to sleep.” By Nicholas Bogel-Burroughs Photo Credit A Pit Stop and a Pause to Reflect on a Summer That Wasn’t After a summer marked by hot spots, lockdowns and travel restrictions, Labor Day was a last chance to get back on the open road. By and Kirsten Luce Lucy Tompkins Photo Katie Jones, via Center for Whale Research Credit Orca That Carried Dead Calf for 17 Days Gives Birth Again Researchers spotted the killer whale they call J35 alongside her “robust and lively” new calf on Saturday — a ray of hope for the endangered Southern Resident population off the Pacific Northwest. By Mike Baker Advertisement Continue reading the main story Latest Search Search Clear this text input Bishop-Elect Resigns After Being Accused of Sexually Abusing a Minor Father Michel J. Mulloy was chosen by Pope Francis to lead the Diocese of Duluth, Minn., but then an allegation from the 1980s surfaced, church officials said. By Neil Vigdor A Gender-Reveal Celebration Is Blamed for a Wildfire. It Wasn’t the First Time. The El Dorado fire in California ignited as a family was using a “pyrotechnic device” to announce the gender of a new baby, the authorities said. By Christina Morales Allyson Waller and Pence and Harris Vie for Wisconsin as Trump Vents From the White House The unofficial Labor Day kickoff to the fall campaign centered on Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, two pivotal states for both the president and Joseph R. Biden Jr. By Jonathan Martin Alexander Burns and How Trump’s Billion-Dollar Campaign Lost Its Cash Advantage Five months ago, President Trump’s re-election campaign had a huge financial edge over Joseph R. Biden Jr.’s. The Times conducted an extensive review of how the Trump team spent lavishly to show how that advantage evaporated. By Shane Goldmacher Maggie Haberman and Times Video Trump ‘Undermining Public Confidence,’ on Vaccine, Biden Says Joseph R. Biden Jr., the Democratic nominee for president, pushed for full transparency on a vaccine for the coronavirus and said that President Trump’s approach was unhelpful. By The Associated Press Times Video Wildfires Blaze Across California Fire crews faced wildfires from near the Mexico border to the Sierra Nevada that burned thousands of acres and spread thick smoke throughout the state. By The Associated Press, Reuters Storyful and What to watch for as Harris and Pence visit Wisconsin. By Jonathan Martin Looking to Buy a Used Car in the Pandemic? So Is Everyone Else Eager to avoid public transit and Uber, and to save money, buyers are emptying dealerships. By Neal E. Boudette For Long-Haulers, Covid-19 Takes a Toll on Mind as Well as Body “It makes you depressed, anxious that it’s never going to go away.” By Emma Goldberg Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions