 Sections SEARCH Skip to content Skip to site index World News Today’s Paper Advertisement Continue reading the main story Supported by Continue reading the main story World News Africa Americas Asia Australia Canada Europe Middle East Highlights Photo Omer Messinger/Getty Images Credit Trump Emerges as Inspiration for Germany’s Far Right Among German conspiracy theorists, ultranationalists and neo-Nazis, the American president is surfacing as a rallying cry, or even as a potential “liberator.” By Katrin Bennhold Photo Dan Balilty for The New York Times Credit Israel Dispatch Aided by Modern Ingenuity, a Taste of Ancient Judean Dates The harvest of the much-extolled but long-lost Judean dates was something of a scientific miracle. The fruit sprouted from seeds 2,000 years old. By Isabel Kershner Photo Pavel Golovkin/Associated Press Credit Aleksei Navalny Out of a Coma and Responsive, German Doctors Say Doctors treating the Russian opposition leader said his condition had improved, but they could not rule out lasting effects of “severe poisoning.” Germany said it was from a military-grade nerve agent. By Melissa Eddy Photo Andrew Testa for The New York Times Credit London’s Bridges Really Are Falling Down Three major crossings on the Thames are closed to cars — one of them considered too dangerous even to walk across. Even the landmark Tower Bridge was recently shut for two days. By Mark Landler Photo Farah Abdi Warsameh/Associated Press Credit Truck Bomb in Somalia Kills 3 and Wounds 3, Including a U.S. Soldier No one has claimed responsibility for the attack, but the Shabab have carried out similar attacks across the Horn of Africa nation. By Abdi Latif Dahir Photo Sarah Silbiger/Reuters Credit Saudi Court Issues Final Verdicts in Khashoggi Killing The sentences, of up to 20 years in prison, were issued months after one of Jamal Khashoggi’s sons said he and his siblings had forgiven the men who killed him. By and William Lamb Nada Rashwan Photo Li Tao/Xinhua, via Associated Press Credit Xi’s Post-Virus Economic Strategy for China Looks Inward The Chinese leader’s latest approach calls for a more robust domestic economy to insulate growth from tensions with the United States. By Chris Buckley Photo Credit Julian Assange Appears in London Court for U.S. Extradition Hearing The case against the WikiLeaks founder, who is accused of obtaining and publishing secret military and diplomatic documents, was delayed in February because of the coronavirus pandemic. By Megan Specia Photo Misha Friedman/Getty Images Credit Belarus Protest Leader Vanishes Amid Reports of Masked Abductors With large-scale demonstrations showing little sign of winding down, President Aleksandr G. Lukashenko’s security forces appear to have shifted from mass repression to more targeted disappearances. By Andrew Higgins Photo Daniel Leal-Olivas/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Credit As Brexit Deadlines Loom, the Posturing and Bickering Flare Again Prime Minister Boris Johnson is threatening to cut off negotiations by Oct. 15 if there is no progress. The European Union says the British are not negotiating. By and Mark Landler Stephen Castle Photo Shanghai/Reuters Credit U.S. May Ban Cotton From Xinjiang Region of China Over Rights Concerns The potential move, which could come as soon as Tuesday, comes amid reports of the use of forced labor in Xinjiang, where China has carried out a crackdown against mostly Muslim minorities. By Ana Swanson Photo Aaron Favila/Associated Press Credit Duterte Pardons U.S. Marine Who Killed Transgender Woman The Philippine president made the move, which riled nationalist and gay rights groups, in the interest of maintaining an “independent foreign policy.” By Jason Gutierrez Photo Neil Hall/EPA, via Shutterstock Credit Suspect Is Arrested Over Stabbings in Birmingham, England A 27-year-old man was charged with murder and seven counts of attempted murder after eight people were attacked, one fatally, in the city early Sunday. By Daniel Victor Photo The New York Times Credit Covid-19 Live Updates: Parties and Pushback Threaten College Reopenings Used cars have become a hot commodity. Across the United States, states and cities are planning fiscal maneuvers in case Congress can’t agree on a fiscal relief package after the August recess. Advertisement Continue reading the main story The Coronavirus Outbreak More in The Coronavirus Outbreak » Photo Courtesy Matthew Marks Gallery Credit Combatir al virus durante la plaga de Trump Mi cuerpo se convirtió en un extraño. Está ahí fuera, en la lucha contra un enemigo que se ha metido en mi interior. By Roger Cohen Photo Hannah Yoon for The New York Times Credit Trump ‘Undermining Public Confidence,’ on Vaccine, Biden Says Joseph R. Biden Jr., the Democratic nominee for president, pushed for full transparency on a vaccine for the coronavirus and said that President Trump’s approach was unhelpful. By The Associated Press Photo Thomas Wehle/TSM Credit Chess (Yes, Chess) Is Now a Streaming Obsession Viewers are flocking to games during the pandemic, entranced by a charismatic grandmaster and his lightning-fast play. By Kellen Browning Photo Tolga Akmen/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Credit Demonstrators Rally Outside Assange’s Extradition Hearing Protesters gathered outside the London court where Julian Assange, the founder of WikiLeaks, appeared in a hearing on extradition to the United States. The case was delayed in February because of the pandemic. By The Associated Press Photo Henry Nicholls/Reuters Credit Britain Urges Distancing and Considers Lockdowns as Virus Cases Spike Britain’s health secretary said the country would “take whatever action is necessary” to curb a sharp rise in coronavirus cases. On Sunday, officials reported 2,998 new cases, the highest since late May. By Reuters Read The Times in Spanish More in Read The Times in Spanish » Photo Meghan Dhaliwal para The New York Times Credit Entre la pandemia y el presidente: el delicado equilibrio de la jefa de gobierno de Ciudad de México Claudia Sheinbaum es la primera mujer, y la primera persona judía, elegida para gobernar la capital y necesita el apoyo del presidente. Pero, ¿cuán cerca puede permanecer de un hombre que ha minimizado la pandemia? By Natalie Kitroeff Photo Federico Rios para The New York Times Credit Millones abandonan la universidad en América Latina a causa de la pandemia Muchos de ellos fueron los primeros de sus familias en llegar a la universidad. Pero ¿cómo estudias cuando no puedes sobrevivir? By Julie Turkewitz Photo Christoph Soeder/DPA, vía Associated Press Credit ¿Qué es el novichok, la neurotoxina relacionada con el envenenamiento de Navalny? Durante décadas, científicos, espías y especialistas en armas químicas han conocido y temido la sustancia letal. By Richard Pérez-Peña Photo Ka Young Lee Credit Cuatro preguntas para saber si estás reduciendo tu huella de carbono Una nueva investigación concluyó que la mayoría de los estadounidenses no tiene la información necesaria para reducir de manera eficaz sus emisiones de gases de efecto invernadero, según una nueva investigación. Tú podrías ser uno de ellos. Por Veronica Penney Photo Adriana Loureiro Fernandez para The New York Times Credit ¿Postular o boicotear? La oposición venezolana, dividida ante las próximas elecciones Ni sanciones ni boicots han logrado derribar Nicolás Maduro. Ahora algunos líderes opositores están listos para cambiar de estrategia y enfrentar al presidente en las urnas, a pesar de las dudas sobre la equidad del voto. By and Mariana Martínez Anatoly Kurmanaev Advertisement Continue reading the main story Dispatches More in Dispatches » Photo Diego Ibarra Sanchez for The New York Times Credit ‘Agricultural Jihad’: A Hungry Lebanon Returns to Family Farms to Feed Itself With a tanking economy, and imported food costs soaring, leaders are urging the Lebanese to wage a campaign of self-sufficiency. “I never thought I’d do this in my life, but I have to survive.” By Vivian Yee Photo Victor Moriyama for The New York Times Credit ‘Fixing the Damage We’ve Done’: Rewilding Jaguars in Argentina Bringing back the top predator to Argentina’s wetlands could restore the health of an entire ecosystem. But inducing five felines with troubled pasts to hunt, and mate, is not easy. By and Ernesto Londoño Victor Moriyama Photo Laura Boushnak for The New York Times Credit Film Crew Spent 3 Years in Remote Balkan Hamlet. Will They Ever Leave? Nominated for two Oscars, “Honeyland” charted the tensions between a hermitic beekeeper and her disorderly neighbors. Now the filmmakers are struggling to disentangle themselves from their subjects. By Patrick Kingsley Photo Diego Ibarra Sanchez for The New York Times Credit Desperate to Leave Beirut, Young Lebanese Are Also the Ones Fixing It The young people leading the huge volunteer effort after the recent blast are bringing hope, but have lost it themselves. “I want to at least have Beirut on its feet before I go,” one said. By Vivian Yee Photo Natalie Grono for The New York Times Credit ‘A Bit Surreal’: The Lonely Plight of the Great Barrier Reef The tourism operators who depend on the natural wonder, already contending with climate change, have been walloped by the pandemic. The absence of visitors is bad for them — and the reef. By and Livia Albeck-Ripka Natalie Grono Latest Search Search Clear this text input Your Tuesday Briefing China’s economy, Belarus opposition, Jamal Khashoggi: Here’s what you need to know. By Melina Delkic Rohingya Refugees Rescued by Indonesian Fishermen After Months at Sea The ship, carrying around 300 Rohingya Muslims, had been at sea for more than six months after being denied port in Southeast Asia. By Lauretta Charlton For Long-Haulers, Covid-19 Takes a Toll on Mind as Well as Body “It makes you depressed, anxious that it’s never going to go away.” By Emma Goldberg Belarus, Hong Kong Protests, U.K. Coronavirus: Your Monday Briefing Here’s what you need to know. By Natasha Frost For Aging Belarus Rockers, a Late Shot at Stardom Forced underground in the 1990s to a life of cover gigs and guitar lessons, they are re-emerging amid the country’s political awakening. By Anton Troianovski Times Video Over 100,000 Protest Belarus’s President in Minsk Demonstrators in Belarus defied government warnings to rally in the capital, Minsk. It was the latest in weeks of mass protests that followed President Aleksandr G. Lukashenko’s claim of an election victory on Aug. 9. By The Associated Press Reuters and Your Monday Briefing Hong Kong protests, India, Typhoon Haishen: Here’s what you need to know. By Carole Landry Rwanda Hints It Tricked ‘Hotel Rwanda’ Dissident Into Coming Home President Paul Kagame said that the arrested critic Paul Rusesabagina, now facing terrorism charges, was not kidnapped from Dubai but had been lured to Rwanda in a “flawless” operation. By Abdi Latif Dahir The Long Run Joe Biden’s China Journey As a United States senator, he spoke of transforming China through trade. As a presidential candidate two decades later, he denounces it as a “dictatorship.” By Edward Wong, Michael Crowley Ana Swanson and Protesters Flood Streets in Belarus but Lukashenko Refuses to Bend The authorities sealed off streets in the capital to clamp down on demonstrations but mostly refrained from the heavy-handed violence. By Andrew Higgins Show More Advertisement Continue reading the main story Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2020 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Help Subscriptions